Hey kids, shake it loose together
The spotlight's hitting something
That has known to change the weather
We'll kill the fatted calf tonight, so stick around
You're gonna hear electric music, solid walls of sound Say, Candy and Ronnie have you seen them yet
Oh, but they're so spaced out, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets
Oh, but they're weird and they're wonderful
Oh Bennie, she's really keen
She's got electric boots, a mohair suit
You know I read it in a magazine
Oh, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets Hey kids, plug into the faithless
Maybe you're blinded
But Bennie makes them ageless
We shall survive, let us take ourselves along
Where we fight our parents out in the streets
To find who's right and who's wrong Say, Candy and Ronnie have you seen them yet
Oh, but they're so spaced out, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets
Oh, but they're weird and they're wonderful
Oh Bennie, she's really keen
She's got electric boots, a mohair suit
You know I read it in a magazine
Oh, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets (Repeat) B-B-B-Bennie, Bennie..., Bennie and the Jets
Bennie... I can't stand it, I know you planned it
I'm gonna set it straight, this Watergate
I can't stand rocking when I'm in here
'Cause your crystal ball ain't so crystal clear
So while you sit back and wonder why
I got this fucking thorn in my side
Oh my God, it's a mirage
I'm tellin' y'all, it's a sabotage So, so, so, so listen up 'cause you can't say nothin'
You'll shut me down with a push of your button?
But you, I'm out and I'm gone
I'll tell you now, I keep it on and on 'Cause what you see you might not get
And we can bet, so don't you get souped yet
You're scheming on a thing that's a mirage
I'm trying to tell you now, it's sabotage Why
Our backs are now against the wall?
Listen all y'all, it's a sabotage
Listen all y'all, it's a sabotage
Listen all y'all, it's a sabotage Listen all y'all, it's a sabotage
I can't stand it, I know you planned it
I'm gonna set it straight, this Watergate
Lord, I can't stand rockin' when I'm in this place
Because I feel disgrace because you're all in my face
But make no mistakes and switch up my channel
I'm Buddy Rich when I fly off the handle
What could it be, it's a mirage
You're scheming on a thing, that's sabotage No sleep 'til - Brooklyn Foot on the pedal - never ever false metal
Engine running hotter than a boiling kettle
My job's ain't a job - it's a damn good time
City to city - I'm running my rhymes
On location - touring around the nation
Beastie Boys always on vacation
Itchy trigger finger but a stable turntable
I do what I do best because I'm illing and able
Ain't no faking - your money I'm taking
Going coast to coast - watching all the girlies shaking
While you're at the job working nine to five
The Beastie Boys at the Garden - cold kickin' it live No sleep 'til - Another place - another train
Another bottle in the brain
Another girl - another fight
Another drive all night
Our manager's crazy - he always smokes dust
He's got his own room at the back of the bus
Tour around the world - you rock around the clock
Plane to hotel - girls on the jock
We're thrashing hotels like it's going out of style
Getting paid along the way cause it's worth your while
Four on the floor - Adrock's out the door
M.C.A.'s in the back because he's skeezin' with a whore
We got a safe in the trunk with money in a stack
With dice in the front and Brooklyn's in the back No Sleep 'til No Sleep 'til Brooklyn Ain't seen the light since we started this band
M.C.A. - get on the mic my man
Born and bred Brooklyn - U.S.A.
They all me Adam Yauch - but I'm M.C.A.
Like a lemon to a lime - a lime to a lemon
I sip the def ale with all the fly women
Got limos, arena, TV shows
Autograph pictures and classy hos
Step off homes - get out of my way
Taxing little girlies form here to L.A.
Waking up before I get to sleep
Cause I'll be rocking this party eight days a week No sleep 'til
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn Now here's a little story I gots to tell
about three bad brothers you know so well.
It started way back in history with Adrock, MCA and me, Mike D. Been had a little horsey named Paul Revere.
Just me and my horsey and a quart of beer.
Ridin' cross the land, kickin' up sand.
Sheriff's posses on my tail cuz I'm in demand.
One lonely Beastie I be
all by myself without nobody.
The sun is beatin' down on my baseball hat.
The air is gettin' hot, the beer is gettin' flat.
Lookin' for a girl, I ran into a guy.
His name is MCA, I said "howdy", he said "hi." He told a little story that sounded well rehearsed.
Four days on the run and that he's dying of thirst.
The brew was in my hand, and he was on my tip.
His voice was hoarse, his throat was dry, he asked me for a sip.
He said "Can I get some?"
I said "You can't get none."
I had a chance to run
pulled out his shotgun.
Quick on the draw, I thought I'd be dead.
He put the gun to my head and this is what he said:
"Now my name is MCA, I got a license to kill.
I think you know what time it is, it's time to get ill.
So what do we have here?
An outlaw and his beer.
I run this land, you understand, I've made myself clear."
We stepped into the wind, he had a gun, I had a grin. You think this story's over, but it's ready to begin. "Now I've got the gun, you've got the brew.
You've got two choices of what you can do.
It's not a tough decision as you can see.
I can blow you away or you can ride with me."
I said, "I'll ride with you if you can get me to the border.
The Sheriff's after me for what I did to his daughter.
I did it like this, I did it like that.
I did it with the whiffle ball bat.
So I'm on the run, the cop's got my gun.
And right about now it's time to have some fun.
The King Adrock, that is my name
and I know the fly spot where they got the champagne."
We rode for six hours then we hit the spot.
The beat was-a-bumpin' and the girlies was hot.
This dude was starin' like he knows who we are
we took the empty spot next to him at the bar.
MCA said "Yippe-Yo, you know this kid?"
I said I didn't but I know he did.
The kid said, "Get ready, cuz this ain't funny.
My name is Mike D and I'm bout to get money."
Pulled out the jammey, aimed it at the sky.
He yelled, "Stick 'em up!" And let two fly.
Hands went up and people hit the floor.
He wasted two kids that ran for the door.
"I'm Mike D and I get respect.
Your cash and your jewelry is what I expect."
MCA was with it, and he's my ace
so I grabbed the piano player and punched him in the face.
The piano player's out, the music stopped.
His boy had beef, and he got dropped.
Mike D grabbed the money, MCA snatched the gold.
I grabbed two girlies and a beer that's cold. Hey kids, shake it loose together
The spotlight's hitting something
That has known to change the weather
We'll kill the fatted calf tonight, so stick around
You're gonna hear electric music, solid walls of sound Say, Candy and Ronnie have you seen them yet
Oh, but they're so spaced out, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets
Oh, but they're weird and they're wonderful
Oh Bennie, she's really keen
She's got electric boots, a mohair suit
You know I read it in a magazine
Oh, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets Hey kids, plug into the faithless
Maybe you're blinded
But Bennie makes them ageless
We shall survive, let us take ourselves along
Where we fight our parents out in the streets
To find who's right and who's wrong Say, Candy and Ronnie have you seen them yet
Oh, but they're so spaced out, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets
Oh, but they're weird and they're wonderful
Oh Bennie, she's really keen
She's got electric boots, a mohair suit
You know I read it in a magazine
Oh, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets (Repeat) B-B-B-Bennie, Bennie..., Bennie and the Jets
Bennie... I can't stand it, I know you planned it
I'm gonna set it straight, this Watergate
I can't stand rocking when I'm in here
'Cause your crystal ball ain't so crystal clear
So while you sit back and wonder why
I got this fucking thorn in my side
Oh my God, it's a mirage
I'm tellin' y'all, it's a sabotage So, so, so, so listen up 'cause you can't say nothin'
You'll shut me down with a push of your button?
But you, I'm out and I'm gone
I'll tell you now, I keep it on and on 'Cause what you see you might not get
And we can bet, so don't you get souped yet
You're scheming on a thing that's a mirage
I'm trying to tell you now, it's sabotage Why
Our backs are now against the wall?
Listen all y'all, it's a sabotage
Listen all y'all, it's a sabotage
Listen all y'all, it's a sabotage Listen all y'all, it's a sabotage
I can't stand it, I know you planned it
I'm gonna set it straight, this Watergate
Lord, I can't stand rockin' when I'm in this place
Because I feel disgrace because you're all in my face
But make no mistakes and switch up my channel
I'm Buddy Rich when I fly off the handle
What could it be, it's a mirage
You're scheming on a thing, that's sabotage No sleep 'til - Brooklyn Foot on the pedal - never ever false metal
Engine running hotter than a boiling kettle
My job's ain't a job - it's a damn good time
City to city - I'm running my rhymes
On location - touring around the nation
Beastie Boys always on vacation
Itchy trigger finger but a stable turntable
I do what I do best because I'm illing and able
Ain't no faking - your money I'm taking
Going coast to coast - watching all the girlies shaking
While you're at the job working nine to five
The Beastie Boys at the Garden - cold kickin' it live No sleep 'til - Another place - another train
Another bottle in the brain
Another girl - another fight
Another drive all night
Our manager's crazy - he always smokes dust
He's got his own room at the back of the bus
Tour around the world - you rock around the clock
Plane to hotel - girls on the jock
We're thrashing hotels like it's going out of style
Getting paid along the way cause it's worth your while
Four on the floor - Adrock's out the door
M.C.A.'s in the back because he's skeezin' with a whore
We got a safe in the trunk with money in a stack
With dice in the front and Brooklyn's in the back No Sleep 'til No Sleep 'til Brooklyn Ain't seen the light since we started this band
M.C.A. - get on the mic my man
Born and bred Brooklyn - U.S.A.
They all me Adam Yauch - but I'm M.C.A.
Like a lemon to a lime - a lime to a lemon
I sip the def ale with all the fly women
Got limos, arena, TV shows
Autograph pictures and classy hos
Step off homes - get out of my way
Taxing little girlies form here to L.A.
Waking up before I get to sleep
Cause I'll be rocking this party eight days a week No sleep 'til
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn
No sleep 'til Brooklyn Now here's a little story I gots to tell
about three bad brothers you know so well.
It started way back in history with Adrock, MCA and me, Mike D. Been had a little horsey named Paul Revere.
Just me and my horsey and a quart of beer.
Ridin' cross the land, kickin' up sand.
Sheriff's posses on my tail cuz I'm in demand.
One lonely Beastie I be
all by myself without nobody.
The sun is beatin' down on my baseball hat.
The air is gettin' hot, the beer is gettin' flat.
Lookin' for a girl, I ran into a guy.
His name is MCA, I said "howdy", he said "hi." He told a little story that sounded well rehearsed.
Four days on the run and that he's dying of thirst.
The brew was in my hand, and he was on my tip.
His voice was hoarse, his throat was dry, he asked me for a sip.
He said "Can I get some?"
I said "You can't get none."
I had a chance to run
pulled out his shotgun.
Quick on the draw, I thought I'd be dead.
He put the gun to my head and this is what he said:
"Now my name is MCA, I got a license to kill.
I think you know what time it is, it's time to get ill.
So what do we have here?
An outlaw and his beer.
I run this land, you understand, I've made myself clear."
We stepped into the wind, he had a gun, I had a grin. You think this story's over, but it's ready to begin. "Now I've got the gun, you've got the brew.
You've got two choices of what you can do.
It's not a tough decision as you can see.
I can blow you away or you can ride with me."
I said, "I'll ride with you if you can get me to the border.
The Sheriff's after me for what I did to his daughter.
I did it like this, I did it like that.
I did it with the whiffle ball bat.
So I'm on the run, the cop's got my gun.
And right about now it's time to have some fun.
The King Adrock, that is my name
and I know the fly spot where they got the champagne."
We rode for six hours then we hit the spot.
The beat was-a-bumpin' and the girlies was hot.
This dude was starin' like he knows who we are
we took the empty spot next to him at the bar.
MCA said "Yippe-Yo, you know this kid?"
I said I didn't but I know he did.
The kid said, "Get ready, cuz this ain't funny.
My name is Mike D and I'm bout to get money."
Pulled out the jammey, aimed it at the sky.
He yelled, "Stick 'em up!" And let two fly.
Hands went up and people hit the floor.
He wasted two kids that ran for the door.
"I'm Mike D and I get respect.
Your cash and your jewelry is what I expect."
MCA was with it, and he's my ace
so I grabbed the piano player and punched him in the face.
The piano player's out, the music stopped.
His boy had beef, and he got dropped.
Mike D grabbed the money, MCA snatched the gold.
I grabbed two girlies and a beer that's cold. Intergalactic planetary, planetary intergalactic
Another dimension, another dimension Well, now, don't you tell me to smile
You stick around I'll make it worth your while
Got numbers beyond what you can dial
Maybe it's because I'm so versatile Style, profile, I said
It always brings me back when I hear, "ooh child"
From the Hudson River out to the Nile
I run the marathon to the very last mile Well, if you battle me, I will revile
People always sayin' my style is wild
You've got gall, you've got guile (guile)
To step to me, I'm a rapophile If you wanna battle, you're in denial
Comin' from Uranus to check my style
Go ahead; put my rhymes on trial
Cast you off into exile Jazz and AWOL, that's our team
Step into the party, disrupt the whole scene
When it comes to beats, well, I'm a fiend
I like my sugar with coffee and cream Well, I gotta keep it goin', keep it goin' full steam
Too sweet to be sour; too nice to be mean
Well, on the tough guy style, I'm not too keen
Trying to change the world, I will plot and scheme Mario C likes to keep it clean (clean)
Goin' to shine like a sunbeam
Keep on rapping 'cause that's my dream
Got an A from Moe Dee for sticking to themes Now when it comes to envy, ya'll is green
Jealous of the rhyme and the rhyme routine ('tine)
Another dimension, new galaxy
Intergalactic planetary We're from the family tree of old school hip-hop
Kick off your shoes and relax your socks
The rhymes will spread just like a pox
'Cause the music is live, like an electric shock I am known to do the wop (wop)
Also known for the Flinstone Flop
Tammy D getting biz on the crop (crop)
Beastie Boys known to let the beat
"MMM, Drop!"
Do it Now when I wrote graffiti, my name was Slop
If my rap's soup, my beat is stock
Step from the table when I start to chop
I'm a lumberjack, DJ Adrock If you try to knock me, you'll get mocked
I'll stir fry you in my wok
Your knees'll start shaking and your fingers pop
Like a pinch on the neck from Mr. Spock Brass Monkey
That funky Monkey
Brass Monkey junkie
That funky Monkey
Brass Monkey Got this dance that's more than real
Drink Brass Monkey here's how you feel
Put your left leg down, your right leg up
Tilt your head back let's finish the cup M.C.A. with the bottle, D. rocks the can
Adrock gets nice with Charlie Chan
We're offered Moet, we don't mind Chivas
Wherever we go with bring the Monkey with us Ad-Rock drinks three, Mike D. is D.
Double R. foots the bill most definitely
I drink Brass Monkey and I rock well
I got a castle in Brooklyn that's where I dwell Brass Monkey
That funky Monkey
Brass Monkey junkie
That funky Monkey
Brass 'Cause I drink it anytime and anyplace
When it's time to get ill I pour it on my face
Monkey tastes Def when you pour it on ice
Come on y'all it's time to get nice Coolin' by the lockers getting kind of funky
Me and the crew, we're drinking Brass Monkey
This girl walked by she gave me the eye
I reached in the locker grabbed the Spanish Fly I put it with the Monkey mixed it in the cup
Went over to the girl, "Yo baby, what's up?"
I offered her a sip, the girl she gave me lip
It did begin the stuff wore in and now she's on my tip Brass Monkey
That funky Monkey
Brass Monkey junkie
That funky Monkey
Brass Step up to the bar put the girl down
She takes a big gulp and slaps it around
Take a sip, you can do it, you get right to it
We had a case in the place and we went right through it You got a dry martini thinking you're cool
I'll take your place at the bar, I smack you off your stool
I'll down a .40 dog in a single gulp
And if you got beef you'll get beat to a pulp Monkey and parties and reelin' and rockin'
Def, def, girls, girls, all y'all jockin'
The song and dance keeping you in a trance
If you don't buy my record I got my advance I drink it, I think it
I see it, I be it
I love Brass Monkey but I won't give D. it
We got the bottle you got the cup
Come on everybody let's get ffffff
Brass Monkey
That funky Monkey
Brass Monkey junkie
That funky Monkey
Brass Monkey
That funky Monkey
Brass Monkey junkie
That funky Monkey
Brass Monkey Well just plug me in just like I was Eddie Harris
You're eatin' crazy cheeze like you would think I'm from Paris
You know I get fly, you think I get high
You know that I'm gone and I'm 'a tell you all why So tell me-who are you dissin'? Maybe I'm missin'
The reason that you're Smilin' or wildin' so listen
In my head I just wanna take 'em down
Imagination set loose and I'm gonna shake 'em down Let it flow like a mudslide
When I get on I like to ride and glide
I got depth of perception in my text y'all
I get props at my mention cause I vex y'all So whatcha whatcha whatcha want
I get so funny with with the money that ya flaunt
I said where'd you get your information from huh?
You think that you can front when revelation comes? [*Yeah, you can't front on that*] Well they call me Mike D the ever lovin' man
I'm like Spoonie G well I'm the metropolitician
You scream and you holla 'bout my Chevy Impala
But the sweat is gettin' wet around the ring around your collar Like a dream I'm flowing without no stoppin'
Sweeter than a cherry pie with Ready Whip toppin'
Goin' from Mic to Mic kickin' it wall to wall
Well I'll be callin' out you people like a casting call Well it's whack when you're jacked in the back of a ride
With your know with your flow when you're out gettin' by
Believe me what you see is what you get
And you see me I'm comin' off as you can bet Well I think I'm losin' my mind this time
This time I'm losin' my mind that's right I said
I think I'm losin' my mind this time this time
I'm losin' my mind [*Yeah, you can't front on that*] But little do you know about somethin' that I talk about
I'm tired of drivin' it's due time that I walk about
But in the mean time I'm wise to the demise
I've got eyes in the back of my head so I realize Well I'm doctor Spock I'm here to rock y'all
I want you off the wall if you're playin' the wall
I said whatcha whatcha whatcha want [(whatcha want)]
I said whatcha whatcha whatcha want [(whatcha want)] You suckers write me checks and then they bounce
So I reach into my pocket for the fresh amount
See I'm the long leaner Victor the Cleaner
I'm the illest mutha fucka from here to Gardena I'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl a hot sauce
You got the rhyme and reason but got no cause
Well if you're hot to trot you think you're slicker than grease
I got news for you crews you'll be suckin' like a leech [*Yeah, you can't front on that*] So whatcha whatcha whatcha want [(whatcha want)]
So whatcha whatcha whatcha want [(So whatcha want)]
So whatcha whatcha whatcha want [(whatcha want)]
So whatcha whatcha whatcha want [(So whatcha want)] Kick it!
You wake up late for school, man, you don't wanna go
You ask your mom, "Please?", but she still says, "No!"
You missed two classes and no homework But your teacher preaches class like you're some kind of jerk
You gotta fight for your right to party
Your pop caught you smoking, and he said, "No way!"
That hypocrite smokes two packs a day
Man, living at home is such a drag
Now your mom threw away your best porno "mag" (Busted)
You gotta fight for your right to party
Don't step out of this house if that's the clothes you're gonna wear
I'll kick you out of my home if you don't cut that hair
Your mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"
Aw, mom you're just jealous, it's the Beastie Boys You gotta fight for your right to party
You gotta fight for your right to party
party
party Kick it! You wake up late for school, man, you don't wanna go
You ask you mom, "Please?", but she still says, "No"
You missed two classes and no homework
But your teacher preaches class like you're some kind of jerk You gotta fight for your right to party You pop caught you smoking, and he said, "No way!"
That hypocrite smokes two packs a day
Man, living at home is such a drag
Now your mom threw away your best porno mag
(Busted) You gotta fight for your right to party You pop caught you smoking, and he said, "No way!"
That hypocrite smokes two packs a day
Man, living at home is such a drag
Now your mom threw away your best porno mag
(Busted) You gotta fight for your right to party
You gotta fight Don't step out of this house if that's the clothes you're gonna wear
I'll kick you out of my home if you don't cut that hair
Your mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"
Aw, mom you're just jealous, it's the Beastie Boys You gotta fight for your right to party
You gotta fight for your right to party
party
party 
 Girls!
All I really want is girl
And in the morning it's girls
Cause in the evening it's girls I like the way that they walk
And it's chill to hear them talk
And I can always make them smile
From White Castle to the Nile Back in the day
There was this girl around the way
She liked my home-piece M.C.A.
He said he would not give her play
I asked her, "Please?" - she said, "You may."
Her pants were tight and that's ok
If it needed the time - I'd all day
We took a walk down to the bay I hope she'll say, "Hey me and you should hit the hay!"
I asked her out - she said, "No way!"
I should have probably guessed her gay
So I broke north with no delay
I heard she moved real far away
That was two years ago this May
I seen her just the other day
Jockin' Mike D. to my dismay Girls - to do the dishes
Girls - to clean up my room
Girls - to do the laundry
Girls - and in the bathroom
Girls - that's all I really want is girls
Two at a time - I want girls
With new wave hairdos - I want girls
I ought to whip out my - girls, girls, girls, girls, girls! 'Cause you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Oh, 'cause you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Oh, but you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Mike D, come and rock the sure shot I've got the brand new doo-doo guaranteed
Like yoo hoo, I'm on like Dr. John, yeah Mr. Zu Zu
I'm a newly wed, and not a divorcee
And everything I do is funky like Lee Dorsey Well, it's the taking of the Pelham, one, two, three
If you want a doo-doo rhyme then come see me
I've got the savior faire with the unique rhyme and
I keep it on and on, it's never quitting time and Strictly hand held is the style I go
Never rock the mic with the panty hose
I strap on my ear goggles and I'm ready to go
'Cause at the boards is the man they call The Mario Pull up at the function and you know I kojak
To all the party people that are on my bozak
I've got more action than my man John Woo
And I've got mad hits like I was Rod Crew Because you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Because you can't, you won't and you don't stop
You know, you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Ad rock come and rock the sure shot
(Hurri-hurricane will cross fade on your ass) And bust your ear drums
So listen everybody 'cause I'm shifting gears
I'm fresh like dougie when I set my specs
And on the microphone I come correct Timing like a clock when I rock the hip hop
The top notch is my stock on the soap box
I've got more rhymes than I've got gray hairs
And that's a lot because I've got my share I've got a hole in my head and there's no one to fix it
Got to straighten my thoughts, I'm thinking too much sick shit
Everyone just takes and takes, takes, takes, takes
I've got to step back, I've got to contemplate Well, I'm like Lee Perry, I'm very
On rock the microphone and then I'm gone
I'm like Vaughn Bode, I'm a cheech wizard
Never quitting, so won't you listen? Oh yes, indeed, it's fun time Because you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Because you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Oh, but you can't, you won't and you don't stop
MCA come and rock the sure shot I want to say a little something that's long overdue
The disrespect to women has got to be do
To all the mothers and sisters and the wives and friends
I want to offer my love and respect to the end Well you say I'm twenty something and I should be slacking
But I'm working harder than ever, and you could call it macking
So I'm supposed to sit upon the couch and watching my TV
Still listening to wax, I? m not using the CD I? m that kid in the corner
All fucked up and I wanna so I? m gonna
Take a piece of the pie, why not, I? m not quitting
Think I? ma change up my style just to fit in I keep my underwear up with a piece of elastic
I use a bullshit mic that? s made out of plastic
To send my rhymes out to all nations
Like Ma Bell, I? ve got the ill communications Because you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Because you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Oh, but you can't, you won't and you don't stop
Torn in the rock and the sure shot Anywhere I go a fly girl will please me, east to west college girls are easy
This story's kinda funny, its one about honeys, now Debbie was a girl who used to do it like a bunny. and how about mona, her hips was like a motor i heard she liked to do it in the back of a toyota. and then there was amy, now how can ya blame me? she wanted it so bad she offered to pay me. and vicki and weezie, both a bit sleezy, 'cause all college girls are just too easy!
anywhere i go a fly girl will please me, east to west college girls are easy (x2)
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, days a week the college girls be beggin to get a guy that sexually performs, so whenever i get horny i go to the dorms. went to the dorms sunday around midnight, i saw a honey and she gave me an invite to her room and said that she had been scopin me in english class and now she was hopin just to talk (yeah right) but now instead, since we was alone she she had to get me into bed. i nibbled on her ear and said "i hope youre in condition" then she got down in the yokalite position, took off her clothes and said her name was diana, her chest was bigger than the state of indiana. she said, "lets get busy, i dont wanna lose ya" and needless to say, i knocked it like a hoosier.
anywhere i go a find girl will please me, east to west college girls are easy(x2)
yo jess man, those college girls are in the house, word up i know what youre sayin those college girls be rockin, check this out before i go on to verse number 3, i wanna see if they can move, so you mike, help me out one time break it down to a little something like this.
(oh i cant take no more)
monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday and weekends, thats when im hangin out with my friends. why just, the other night lookin for a party, we went to the house of some girls in a sorority. (oh i cant take no more)
the music was live and the party was a rocker, not all the girls were cute but they all had big knockers (word) i was just scopin and hopin and glancin at the college honeys on the dance floor dancin, thats when i saw the cutie (cutie) wigglin the booty (booty) i introduced myself as jess she said her name was judy, i knew that she adored me, but my friends warned me, judy was the type of girl whos wild and horny!
anywhere i go a find girl will please me, east to west college girls are easy (x4) All you Trekkies and TV addicts
Don't mean to diss, don't mean to bring static
All you Klingons in the fuckin' house
Grab your backstreet friend and get loud Blowin' doors off hinges
I'll grab you with the pinchers
And no, I didn't retire, I'll snatch you up
With the needle nose pliers Like mutual Omaha
Got the ill boat, you've never seen before
Gliding in the glades and like Lorne Greene
You know I get paid Like caprese and with the basil
Not goofy like Darren or Hazel
I'm a mother fucking nick at night
With classics rerunning that you know all right Now remain calm, no alarm
'Cause my farm ain't fat, so what's up with that
I've got friends and family that I respect
When I think I'm too good, they put me in check So believe when I say I'm no better than you
Except when I rap, so I guess it ain't true
Like that y'all and you just don't stop
Guaranteed to make your body rock Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
What-wha-what-what-what's it all about?
Work-wa-work-work-work-wa-work it out
Let's turn this motherfuckin' party out Said,"Doc, what's the condition?
I'm a man that's on a mission
Said,"Son, you'd better listen
Stuck in your ass is an electrician Like a scientist
Mmm when I'm applying this
Method of controlling my mind
Like Einstein and the rappin' Duke combined Now, hey baby bubba, now what the deal
I didn't know you go for that mass appeal
Some call it salugi, some hot potato
I stole your mic and you won't see it later 'Cause I work magic like a magician
I add up like a mathematician
I'm a bank cashier, engineer
I wear cotton and I don't wear sheer Shazam and abracadabra
In the whip I'm gonna cruise past ya
Yo money, don't chump yourself
Put that shit back on the shelf Light rays blazin'
You're out of phase and my crew's amazin'
We're working on the record yo
So just stay patient Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
What-wha-what-what-what's it all about?
Work-wa-work-work-work-wa-work it out
Let's turn this motherfuckin' party out Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out Now, I go by the name of the King Adrock
I don't wear a cup nor a jock
I bring the shit that's beyond bizarre
Like Miss Piggy, who moi I am the one with the clientele
You say,"Adrock, you rock so well"
I've got class like Pink Champale
MCA grab the mic before the mic goes stale Don't test me, they can't arrest me
I'll fake right cross-over and shoot lefty
You look upset, yo calm down
You look cable guy dunked off of your crown I flow like smoke out a chimney
You never been me
You wanna rap
But what you're making ain't hip hop B Get your clothes right out the dryer
Put armor all up on your tire
Sport that fresh attire
Tonight we goin' out to set the town on fire Set the town ablaze
Gonna stun and amaze
Ready to throw a craze
Make your granny shake her heada and say, "Those were the days" Now, Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
What-wha-what-what-what's it all about?
Work-wa-work-work-work-wa-work it out
Let's turn this motherfuckin' party out Hey...
Hey ladies in the place, I'm callin' out to ya
There never was a city kid truer and bluer
There's more to me than you'll ever know
And I've got more hits than Sadaharu Oh
Tom Thumb, Tom Cushman or Tom Foolery
Date women on T.V. with the help of Chuck Woolery
Words are flowing out just like the Grand Canyon
And I'm always out looking for a female companion
I threw the lasso around the tallest one and dragged her to the crib
I took off her moccasins and put on my bib
I'm wheelin' and dealin', I make a little bit of stealing
I'll bring you back to the place and your dress I'm peeling
Your body's on time and your mind is appealing
Staring at the cracks up there upon the ceiling
Such and such will be the bass that I'm throwing
I'm talking to a girl telling her I'm all knowing, well.
She's talking to the kid (to the kid)
I'm telling her every lie that you know that I never did Hey ladies a get funky
All the ladies in the house The ladies, the ladies Well...
Me in the corner with a good looking daughter
I dropped my drawers and said "Welcome Back Kotter"
We was cutting up the rug, she started cutting up the carpet
In my apartment, I begged her please stop it
The gift of gab is the gift that I have
And that girl ain't nothing but a crab
Educated no, stupid yep
And when I say stupid, I mean stupid FRESH
I'm not James at 15 or Chachi in Charge
I'm Adam and I'm adamant about living large
With the white Sassoons and the looks that kill
Makin' love in the back of my Coupe De Ville then
I met a little cutie, she was all hopped up on zootie
I liked the little cutie but I kicked her in the bootie
Cause I don't kinda go for that messin' around
You be listening to my records, a number one sound
Just step to the rhythm, step step to the ride
I've got an open mind so why don't you all get inside Tune in, tune on, to my tune that's live
Ladies flock like bees to a hive Hey ladies a get funky
Hey hey hey hey ladies
Girls girls
Hey hey hey hey ladies One more time ain't it funky now
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey ladies
Ain't it funky You know that.
She's got a gold tooth, you know she's hardcore
She'll show you a good time then she'll show you the door
Break up with your girl, it ended in tears
Vincent Van Gogh, go and mail that ear
Call her in the middle of the night when I'm drinkin'
The phone booth on the corner is damp and it's stinkin'
Said come on over, it was me that she missed
I threw that trash can through her window cause you know I got dissed
Your old lady left you and you went (girls girls girls) insane
You blew yourself up in the back of the 6 Train, well...
Take my advice at any price, a gorilla like your mother is mighty weak, man
Sucking down pints till I didn't know
Woke up in the morning with the One Ton Ho
Cause I announce, I like girls that bounce
With the weight that pays about a pound per ounce Girls with curls and big long locks
And beatnik chicks just wearing their smocks
Walking high and mighty like she's number one
She thinks she's the passionate one Hey ladies a get funky
What's that
Good god
Good god Damn
Good god
Baby baby baby baby
Is it funky brother
Hee ha ha ha
Hey hey hey hey ladies
Hey hey ladies One, two, one, two keep it on
Listen to the shit because we kick it until dawn
Listen to the abstract got it going on
Listen to the ladies come on and let me spawn
All your eggs then you you go up the river
Listen to the abstract that freaky nigger I'm ad rock and I shock and I tick and I tock
And I can't stop with the body rock
See I've got heart like John Starks
Hitting mad sparks pass me the mike
And I'll be rocking the whole park I'm theM to the C to the A and it's a must
The rhymes that we bust on the topic on lust
And my moms is not butt, but fuck it
Let me get down to the rhythm Yes I'm getting funky and I'm shooting all my jism
Like John Holmes, the X-rated nigger
Listen to the shit 'cause I'm the ill figure
Nobody's getting any bigger than this Get it together
Get it together
Phone is ringin', oh my God
Get it together, see what's happenin' Ad rock down with the Ione
Listen to the shit because both of them is Boney
Got to do it like this like Chachi and Joanie
Because she's the cheese and I'm the macaroni
So why all the fight and why all the fuss
Because I ain't got no dust Yeah, you know I'm getting silly
I've got a grandma Hazel and a grandma Tilly
Grand Royal Prez and I'm also a member
Born on the cusp in the month of November
I do the patty duke in case you don't remember
Well, I freak a funky beat like the shit was in a blender Well, I'm long gone word is born
Don't need a mother fuckin' fool tellin' me right from wrong
I don't think I'm slick nor do I play like I'm hard
But I shall drive the lane like I was Evan Bernhard
And I've working on my game because life is taxin'
Got to get it together and see what's happenin' Get it together
Get it together
Get it together
See what's happenin' I go one two like my name was Biz Mark
But I had to do the shit just let me embark
On the lyric and the noun and the verb
Let's kick the shit off 'cause yo, I'm not the herb Well, it's not the herb but the spice with the flavor to spare
Tho moog with the funk for your derriere
While we're on that topic, yes I like to mention
When it comes to boning I'm representin' Spacin', zonin', talkin' on the phone
And my brain is roamin' and I don't know where it's goin'
Talking lots of shit a little tweaking on the weekend
I've got to get him by the reigns because I know that I'm freakin' Well, I'm a funky skull and I'm a scorpio
And when I get my flow I'm Dr on the go
So Q-Tip, what you on the mike for
Because I had to talk about the times that I rhyme And when M.C's come in my face, I'm like mace
Because I back them off with the quills
'Cause I tell you, nigger 'cause I'll keep you under prills
Restin' on nine one one sixteenth are off the Farmers Boulevard I'm from Manhattan M.C.A.'s from Brooklyn
Yeah, M.C.A., your shit be cookin'
Praying mantis on the court and I can't be beat
So, yo tip, what's up with the boot on your feet I've got the timbos on the toes and this is how it goes
Oh, one two, oh my God
One two, oh my god, I've got some shit
I've got the kung fu grip behind my green trap kit Never, ever, ever smoking crack, crack
Never, ever, ever fucking wack
I eat the fuckin' pineapple now and later
Listen to me now, don't listen to me later Fuck it 'cause I know I didn't make it fuckin' rhyme for real
But, yo technically I'm as hard as steel
Gonna get it together, watch it, gonna get it together Ma Bell
I'm like Ma Bell, I've got the ill communications Ma Bell, I've got the ill communication
Ma Bell, I've got the ill communication
Ma Bell, I've got the ill communication
Ma Bell, I've got the ill communication Squirrels,
All we really are is Squirrels,
We're being hunted we are Squirrels,
We are appealing we are Squirrels, We want to gather nuts,
But, people splatter our guts,
When they're on a country drive,
It isn't easy to survive, Just the other day,
I saw a squirrel get blown away,
They served him on a dinner tray,
They baked him into a souffle,
Squirrel season opens up today,
If you're a squirrel run away,
I don't know what else I should say,
Please call the A.S.P.C.A. Fur coats from us are made,
Fur is nice but, I like suede,
They scrape our fur off with a blade,
And never bother with first aid,
We squirrels really like to play,
And we like to catch some rays,
Please don't kill us this we pray,
We're cute and harmless anyway, Squirrels!,
We're not delicious,
Squirrels!,
We are not racoons,
Squirrels!,
Don't live in palm trees,
Squirrels!,
are in your bathrooms! Squirrels!,
That's all we really are is squirrels,
Isn't it fine I am a squirrel,
Please help us save us,
We are squirrels!, I wanna whip out my, squirrel!
Squirrels!,
Squirrels!,
Squirrels!,
Squirrels!,
Squirrels!,
Squirrels!,
Squirrels!,
Squirrels!,
Squirrels!,
Squirrels!,
SQUIRRELS! Now here we go dropping science, dropping it all over
Like bumping around the town, like when you're driving a Range Rover
Expanding the horizons and expanding the parameters
Expanding the rhymes of sucker MC amateurs Naugels, Isaac Newton, Scientific EZ
Ben Franklin with the kite, getting over with the key
Now rock shocking the mic, of the many times times the times tables
Rock well to tell dispel all of the old fables I've been dropping the new science, and I be kicking the new knowledge
An MC to a degree that you can't get in college
Now the dregs of the earth and the eggs that I eat
I've got pegs through my hands and one through my feet Shea Stadium, the radium, EMD squared
Kicked out of the Palladium, you think that I cared? It's the sound of science
The sound of science
Science {Rope a dope, the newest in new
Right up to your face and dis you
Waxin' and milkin' all y'all square heads} Time and money for girls covered with honey
You lie and aspire to be as cunning
Reeling and rockin' and rollin' B size D cup
Order the quarter deluxe, why don't you wake up? My mind is kinda flowin like an oil projector
Had to get up to get the Jimmy protector
Went berserk, and worked, and exploded
She woke up in the morning and her face was coated Buddy you study, the man on the mic
D, do what you like Drunk a skunk am I from the celebration
To peep that freak unique penetration
Well I figured out who makes the crack
It's the suckers with the badges and the blue jackets
A professor of science cause I keep droppin' it
I smell weak, cause y'all keep poppin' it
People always asking what's the phenomenon
Yo what's up? Yo, what's going on? No one really knows what I'm talking about
Yeah that's right, my name's Yauch Ponce De Leon constantly on
The fountain of youth, not Robotron
Peace is a word I've heard before
So move and move and move upon the dance floor
'Cause I'm gonna die, gonna die one day
'Cause I'm goin and goin and goin this way
Not like a roach or a piece of toast
I'm going out first class, ain't going out coach Rock my Adidas never rock Fila
{I do not sniff the coke, I only smoke the sinsemilla}
With my nose I knows, and with my scopes I scope
What I live I write, and that is strictly rope
I've got science for any occasion
Postulating theorems, formulating equations
I got Cheech Wizard in a snow blizzard
Eating chicken gizzards with a girl named Lizzy Dropping science like Galileo dropped the orange There's no confusion in her conclusion
She wants to waste my time and that's no delusion
Her final decision is perfection and precision
She's grade A class number one in her division
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it
She acts like a nag I don't know how it started
Even when I'm chillin' she acts retarded
It's gets annoying so high on the tip
If a pirate had a Def Jam shirt she'd be hard on his ship
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it
Cold chillin' in the spot and she won't stop
She'll do what's best just to reach the top
She studies real hard all night she'll cram
In school she majors in advanced Def Jam
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it
She's cold in the winter and cool like ice
Sometimes she gets loose sometimes she gets nice
Her heart starts beatin her hands gets clammy
But she used to be stired up now shes on my jamie
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it
Her bedroom eyes they start to twitch
But she won't front cause she's got that itch
She'd drop to her knees if I'd only say please
Instead of counting sheep cold counting Beasties
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it
Cuz' she's on it Because Mutiny on the Bounty's what we're all about
I'm gonna board your ship and turn it on out
No soft sucker with a parrot on his shoulder
'Cause I'm bad gettin' bolder, cold cold gettin' colder Terrorizin' suckers on the seven seas
And if you've got beef, you get capped in the knees
We got sixteen men on a dead man's chest
And I shot those suckers and I'll shoot the rest Most illingest b-boy, I got that feelin'
'Cause I am most ill and I'm rhymin' and stealin' Shh! Snatchin' gold chains, vikin' pieces of eight
I got your money and your honey and the fly name plate
We got wenches on the benches and bitties with titties
Housin' all girlies from city to city One for all and all for one
Takin' out MC's with a big shotgun
All for one and one for all
Because the Beastie Boys have gone A.W.O.L Friggin' in the riggin', man, cuttin' your throat
Big bitin' suckers gettin' thrown in the moat
We got maidens and wenches, man they're on the ace
Captain Bligh's gonna die when we break his face Most illingest b-boy, I got that feelin'
I am most ill and I'm rhymin' and stealin' Ali Baba and the forty thieves
Ali Baba and the forty thieves
Ali Baba and the forty thieves
Ali Baba and the forty thieves Ali Baba and the forty thieves
Ali Baba and the forty thieves
Ali Baba and the forty thieves
Ali Baba and the forty thieves Torchin' and crackin' and rhymin' and stealin'
Robbin' and rapin', bustin' two in the ceilin'
I'm wheelin', I'm dealin', I'm drinkin', not thinkin'
Never cower, never shower and I'm always stinkin' Yo ho ho and a pint of Brass Monkey
And when my girlie shakes her hips she sure gets funky
Skirt chasin', free basin', killin' every village
We drink and rob and rhyme and pillage Most illingest b-boy, I got that feelin'
I am most ill and I'm rhymin' and stealin' I was drinkin' my rum, a deaf son of a gun
I fought the law and I cold won
Black Beard's weak, Moby Dick's on the tick
'Cause I pull out the jammy and I squeeze off six My pistol is loaded, I shot Betty Crocker
Deliver Colonel Sanders down to Davey Jones' locker
Rhymin' and stealin' in a drunken state
And I'll be rockin' my rhymes all the way to hell's gate Most illingest b-boy, I got that feelin'
I am most ill and I'm rhymin' and stealin'
Most illingest b-boy, I got that feelin'
I am most ill and I'm rhymin' and stealin' Most illingest b-boy, I got that feelin'
'Cause I am most ill and I'm rhymin' and stealin'
Most illingest b-boy, I got that feelin'
I am most ill and I'm rhymin' and stealin' Most chillinest b-boy
I am most ill and I'm rhymin' and stealin'
Most killingest b-boy
I am most ill and I'm rhymin' and stealin' Most dustin' out b-boy, I'm tossin' my dust
Most finkinest b-boy, I'm doin' that finkin'
Most rhyminest b-boy, I'm stretchin' my shade
Most shootinest b-boy, I think you're shit Most rhyminest b-boy, I'll steal your shit homeboy
Most taxinest b-boy, I'll tax you boy
Most illingest illingest illingest b-boy
Taxin' all y'all squares, yeah! Now I rock a house party at the drop of a hat
And I beat a body down with an aluminum bat
A lot of people they be Jonesin' just to hear me rock the mic
They'll be staring at the radio staying up all night
So like a pimp, I'm pimpin'
I got a boat to eat shrimp in
Nothing wrong with my leg just B-boy limpin'
Got arrested at the Mardi Gras for jumping on a float
My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat
Oowah oowah is my disco call
MCA *hu-huh* I'm gettin' rope y'all
Routines I bust and the rhymes that I write
And I'll be busting routines and rhymes all night
Like eating burgers and chicken and you'll be picking your nose
Man, I'm on time, homie, that's how it goes
You heard my style I think you missed the point
It's the joint! Mike D (yeah?) with your bad self runnin' things
What's up with your bad breath onion rings
Well, I'm Mike D and I'm back from the dead
Chillin' at the beach down at Club Med
Make another record 'cause the people they want more of this
Suckers they be saying they can take out Adam Horovitz
Hurricane you got clout
Other DJs he'll put your head out
A puppet on a string I'm paid to sing or rhyme
Or do my thing I'm
In a lava lamp inside my brain hotel
I might be peakin' or freakin' I rock well
The Patty Duke Show, the wrench and then I bust the tango
Got more rhymes than Jamaicans got mangoes
I got the peg leg at the end of my stump
Shake your rump! Full clout y'all, full clout y'all
and when the mic is in my mouth I turn it out y'all
Full clout Never been dumped 'cause I'm the most mackinest
Never been jumped 'cause I'm known the most packinest
Yeah we've got beef chief, we're knocking out teeth chief
And if you don't believe us you should question your belief Keith
I'm like Sam the butcher bringing Alice the meat
Like Fred Flintstone driving around with bald feet
Should I have another sip? no skip it
In the back of the ride and bust with the whippet
Rope a dope dookies all around the neck
*Woo-ha got them all in check*
Running from the law, the press, and the parents
*Is your name Michael Diamond?*
No mine's Clarence
From downtown, Manhattan, The Village
My style was wild and you know that it still is
Disco bag schlepping and you're doing the bump
Shake your rump! And on the cool check in
Center stage on the mic
And we're puttin' it on wax
It's the new style Four and three and two and one, what up
And when I'm on the mic, the suckers run, word
Down with Ad Rock and Mike D and you ain't
And I got more juice than Picasso got paint Got rhymes that are rough and rhymes that are slick
I'm not surprised you're on my dick
B-E-A-S-T-I-E, what up Mike D
Ah yeah, that's me I got franks and pork and beans
Always bust the new routines
I get it, I got it, I know it's good
The rhymes I write, you wish you would I'm never in training, my voice is not straining
People always biting, and I'm sick of complaining
So I went into the locker room during classes
Went into your locker, and I smashed your glasses You're from Secausus, I'm from Manhattan
You're jealous of me because your girlfriend is cattin' There it is, kick it Father to many, married to none
And in case you're unaware, I carry a gun, where?
Stepped into the party, the place was over packed
Saw the kid that dissed my homeboy, shot him in the back Man, I had to get a beeper 'cause my phone is tapped
You better keep your mouth shut 'cause I'm fully strapped
I got money in the bank, I can still get high
That's why your girlfriend thinks that I'm so fly I've got money and juice, twin sisters in my bed
Their father had envy, so I shot him in the head
And if I played guitar, I'd be Jimmy Page
The girlies I like are underage, check it Girls with boyfriends are the kinds I like
I'll steal your honey like I stole your bike
My father, he's jealous 'cause I'm making that green
I've got most the girlies' numbers from the places I been There it is, kick it You wanna know why, because I'm October 31st
That is my date of birth
I got to the party, you know what? I did the Smurf
Taxing all females from coast to coast
And when I get my fill, I'm chilly most We rag-tag girlies back at the hotel
And then we all switch places when I ring the bell
I chill at White Castle 'cause it's the best
But I fly at Fat Burger when I'm way out west K-I-N-G-A-D, whammy
All the fine ladies, they are on my jammy
Went to the prom, wore the fly blue rental
Got six girlies in my Lincoln Continental I met this girl at the party, and she started to flirt
I told her some rhymes, and she pulled up her skirt
Spent some bank, got a high powered jumbo
Rolled up the wooly and I watched Colombo Let me clear my throat, kick it over here baby pop
And let all the fly skimmies, feel the beat drop Coolin' on the corner on a hot summer day
Just me, my posse and MCA
A lot of beer, a lot of girls, and a lot of cursing
Twenty-two automatic on my person Got my hand in my pocket and my finger's on the trigger
My posse's gettin' big, and my posse's gettin' bigger
Some voices got treble, some voices got bass
We got the kind of voices that are in your face Like the bun to the burger, and like the burger to the bun
Like the cherry to the apple to the peach to the plum
I'm the king of the Ave., and I'm the king of the block
Well, I'm MCA, and I'm the King Ad Rock Well, I'm Mike D, I got all the fly juice
On the checkin' at the party on the forty deuce
Walking down the block with the fresh fly threads
Beastie Boys fly the biggest heads Brooklyn Good times gone
And you missed them
What's gone wrong
In your system
Things they bounce
Like a Spalding
What'd you think
Did you miss your calling
It's so free
This kind of feeling
It's like life
It's so appealing
When you've got so much to say
It's called gratitude & that's right! Good times gone
But you feed it
Hate's grown strong
You feel you need it
Just one thing
Do you know
what you think
That the world owes you
What's gonna set you free
Look inside and you'll see
When you've got so much to say
It's called gratitude & that's right! A butterfly floats on the breeze of a sun lit day
As I feel this reality gently fade away
Riding on a thought to see where it's from
Gliding through a memory of a time yet to come
Smoke paints the air
Swirling images through my mind
Like a whirlpool spin beginning to unwind
And I stand at the edge cautiously awaiting
As time slips by
Carefully navigating by the stars in the sky
And I sit
And I think to myself
And on the horizon the sun light begins to climb
And it seems like it's been so long since he shined
But I'm sure it was only yesterday A cold chill of fear cut through me
I felt my heart contract
To my mind I brought the image of light
And I expanded out of it
My fear was just a shadow
And then I voice spoke in my head
And she said dark is not the opposite of light
It's the absence of light
And I thought to myself
She knows what she's talking about
And for a moment I know
What it was all about. Body movin', body movin',
A1 sound, never sound so soothing
Body movin', body movin',
We be getting down and you know we're crush groovin' Let me get some action from the back section
We need body rocking not perfection
Let your back bone flip but don't slip a disc
Let your spine unwind just take a risk I wanna do the freak until the break of dawn
Tell me party people is that so wrong?
The ship is docking, inter-lockin
And up-rockin electro-shocking We're getting down computer action
Do the robotic satisfaction
All of y'all get off the wall
Have a ball and get involved with Body movin', body movin',
A1 sound, never sound so soothing
Body movin', body movin',
We be getting down and you know we're crush groovin' Flame on, I'm gone
I'm so sweet like a nice bon bon
Came out rapping when I was born
Mom said rock it till the break of dawn Puttin bodies in motion cause I got the notion
Like Roy Cormier with the coconut lotion
The sound of the music makin' you insane
You can't explain to people this type of mind frame Like a bottle of Chateau Neuf Du Pap
I'm fine like wine when I start to rap
We need body rockin' not perfection
Let me get some action from the back section Body movin', body movin',
A1 sound, never sound so soothing
Body movin', body movin',
We be getting down and you know we're crush groovin' Mike D with the master plan
Ooh my my and thank you ma'am
And when I grab the mic you scream Ooh god damn
The creme de la creme is who I am MCA where have you been?
Packed like sardines in the tin
So kick off your shoes and put on your swim fins
'Cause when it comes to quarries I'm known to swim Ad Rock light up the place
And if you pull my card you pull the ace
And if you ask me turn up the bass
And if you play Defender, I could be your hyper space Body movin', body movin',
A1 sound, never sound so soothing
Body movin', body movin',
We be getting down and you know we're crush groovin' Like The Black Birds I'm A Do It Fluid
Building Rhymes Like Buildings, Like A Stonehenge Druid
Step Up And Get Enlightened, Educating My Mind
I Play The Tape Forward, It's Not Time To Rewind
Step Inside The Mother Fucker And I Get My Flow On
Season's Change When It Comes Their Time
Falls Brings The Winter And On Back To Springtime
Well, It's The King Ad Rock And That's Who I Am
Listen All Of Y'all I'm Not The Son Of Sam
'Cause I'm Thin And I Don't Grin And I'm Not A Grinner
But Check It Out People 'cause I Love To Go And Swim
Caught Up On The Phone Fiber Optic Distraction
Information Super Highway Got The Brain Contraction
I'm The Kung Fu Master Vs. The Sumo Wrestler
Got The Beats In Manhatten You Can Hear In Westchester
Well, My Mother Was Born Out In Coney Island
Raised On The L.E.S. Manhatten Island
My Dad Camo Out From Detroit And They Had Me
And Back On Through Ellis Island Goes Through The Family Tree
Well, I'm A Six Point Seven On The Richter Scale
I've Got Rhymes Gallot And Then I Never Fail
Like Gravy On Potatos, Luke To Darth Vader
I'm A Souped Up Sucker And I'll See You All Later (Chorus) You See Me Coming Down The Block With The Funky cuts
You Say Mike D. And I Say Mic These Nuts
I've Got Attractions Like I'm Elvis Costello
Adam Yauch Grab The Mic 'Cause You Know You're My Mellow
Well When I Get It Into The Zone
I'm Gonna Take My Mind To A Place Where It's All One
My Shit Is On And The Rhyme Style's Kicking
My Brain Is Flowing Honest Like Abe Lincoln
'Cause I'm The Fuckin' Rythm Ace With The Rhyme Selection
Listen All Y'all I Rap With Perfection
Because I Got The Mother Fuckin' Old School Flavor
That You Savor So Watch Your Behavior
Talking Other Dimensions, Levels Higher
Why Did Billy Joel Say "We Didn't Start The Fire"
Take You To Another Realm, Another Level
I've Got The Funky Rhymes But I'm Not The Funky Devil
I Step From Minute To Minute, Lifetime To Lifetime
Step From Stage To Stage To See It All Unwind
Slowly But Surely I Seek To Find My Mind
And Every Wall That I Face Is Ow My Own Design
Glendale Boulevard Boulevard
Glendale Boulevard Is Where I'm At
It's Where I'm At, Where I Live
Check It Out Because My Head Is Like A Sieve
And We Turn It Out (Chorus) Peanut Butter Jelly (PBJ)T.I.TIP teams up with frequent collaborators Young Dro and Young Thug, as well as proven hitmaker, London On Da Track, to bring us yet another banger about money, clothes, and hoes. Peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly
Peanut butter jelly, no deli
I got money, check the store credit
No new names unless you know they did it
Sleep in panties(?), watch it happen I got the bread, I'm keepin' bread
I'm gettin' fast like a track
Mil I want that
Baby that cap's for the feds
Now that your ho, don't tell all the secrets
I don't give no damn bout no nigga
I don't give no fuck bout no nigga
I promise, I promise
I throw me some ones on these bitches
I stack them hundreds to the ceiling
They over there runnin'
I look like I came from nothin'
And I look like I came for somethin'
And I'm comin', I want it
Yeah, I drink on that lean and I smoke on that dope til I motherfuckin' vomit Run up that check, give a fuck bout that shit
I guess I go to jail if I want that lil bitch
They kept me with my strap on my own, that lil bitch
I don't answer no questions, want speak with my lawyer
Tell your boss I said where my phone call, that's it
A lot of nigga shit, talkin' you don't ever get paid
Remember me, I've been bout it (?) 10th grade
Ridin' round in my homeboy Buick
With a tool in the unit
We'd go to school, eat lunch
Cut school, get back to it, nigga
Listen nigga, this the Bankroll Mob
If you can't go hard then you can't come here
Let me make somethin' clear
If you lookin' for a sucker well it ain't none here
Look we got artillery for days, we can spray from here
Hit your ass on the side of the face somewhere
On the side of the road, let you lay somewhere Okay, big paper
If I'm hungry, I eat 100 dollars then shit paper
Sick flavor
Got the white double mint twin with me on Simpson, (?)
Swag impeccable, peckin' a (?)
Cases federal
I'm a felon, don't throw it off, I need medical
Oh you regular, terrible, soft, and lame, etcetera
(?) my nigga, I wanna clap for twenty bricks
In the regal, pullin' up at the ridge, extended heater
(?) I got this shit on
I'm (?) man I got this shit on
Nigga you die soon as I say okay
My whip? That's strawberry Yoplait
I got a chopper on the charger
You put a little gas in it, that motherfucker blow about 4 days
Niggas broke
And I've been leanin' on Ac' all in (?)
And I've been smokin' on gas all (?)
Pullin' up at the light no tag on
AK hit everybody in the stomach, pussy nigga shit
Bag all day I got the bread
Ya'll bitch'll give me the head
Fuck her on the sofa, not the bed
Hit that lil bitch from the back
And I take out with your pack
And I'm not givin' it back
I done lost all my respect
Don't drink no red, we pour Act
Sippin' on lean, it's so crazy
I ride out that second, I swear I don't know how to act
Keep it goin' Energizer bunny, (?), so-so with these carrots
My bitch the baddest, but she not your average
She so, so arrogant, woah
Her titties calcium, my booty calories
And both of 'em squish me, God damn we savages
I do this shit for my momma
Take off with your pack and keep runnin'
I'm not the Birdman but I'm stunnin'
I flip that bitch like a omelet
I've been with ya from the start
I did that shit from my heart
I'm so so so sorry I hurt you
And I see the scar but you know I'm retarded [Young Thug I kick it root down I put my root down
I kick it root down
I put my root down
So how we gonna kick it? Gonna kick it root down
Yeah how you wanna kick it?
Gonna kick it root down
So how you gonna kick it? Gonna kick it root down
Gonna break it all down
Gonna kick it root down
It's not a put down, I put my foot down And then I'm makin' some love, I put my root down
I'm like sweetie pie by the stone alliance
Everybody know I'm known for dropping science
I'm electric like Dick Hyman I guess you'd expect to catch the crew rhymin'
Never let you down with the stereo sound
So Mike, get on the mic and turn it out
We're talking root down, I put my boot down And if you want to battle me, you're putting loot down
I said it's root down, it's time to scoot down
Until I step up to the mic in my goose down
Come up represent from the upper west Money makin' put me to the test
Sometimes I feel as though I've been blessed
'Cause I'm doing what I want so I never rest
Well I'm ain't coming out goofy like the fruit of the loom guys Just strutting like the meters with the lookin in py py
'Cause downtown Brooklyn is where I was born
But when the snow is falling then I'm gone
You do might think that I'm a fanatic A phone call from Utah and I'm throwing a panic
So bring it to the root where we kick it on down
Jimmy Smith is my man I want to give him a pound
I kick it root down I put my root down
I kick it root down
I put my root down
So how you wanna kick it? Gonna kick it root down
So how we gonna kick it?
Gonna kick it root down
So how we gonna kick it? Gonna kick it root down
Break it all down
Gonna kick it root down Ad Rock, don't stop, just get on the mic with the tic and the toc
I'm gonna fill you with the f******' rim like brim
I'm walking down your block and you say that's him
There goes the guy with the funky sound
The Beastie Boys you know we come to get down Because I've got the flow where I grab my dick and say
"Oh my God that's the funky shit"
So I'm a pass the mic and cause a panic
The original nasal kid is doing damage Every morning took the train to the high street station
Doing homework on the train, what a f****** up situation
On the way back up hearing battle tapes
Through the underground, underneath the sky scrapes It's like Harlem world battles on the Zulu beat show
It's kool moe D'vs busy bee there's one you should know
Enough of that just want to give some respect due M.C.A.
Grab the mic and the ma bell connect you Bob Marley was a prophet for the freedom fight
If dancin' prays to the Lord then I will feel alright
I feel a good to play a little music
Tears running down my face 'cause I love to do it And no one can stop this flow from flowing on
A flow master of disaster with a sound that's gone
I'll take a little shout out to my dad and mom
For bringing me into this world and so on
I kick it root down
I put my root down
I kick it root down
I put my root down
So how we gonna kick it?
Gonna kick it root down
How you wanna kick it?
Gonna kick it root down
So how we gonna rock it?
Gonna kick it root down
Break it all down
Gonna kick it root down, down And that's a record, that's a record And that's a record, that's a record And that's a record, that's a record Oh now that's a record Hold it now, hit it!
Yo Leroy!
Aw yeah, yo yo, yeah
Why don't you do that def jam right about now? Now I chill real ill when I start to chill
When I fill my pockets with a knot of dollar bills
Sippin' pints of ale out the window sill
When I get my fill, I'm chilly chill And now I just got home because I'm out on bail
What's the time? It's time to buy ale!
Peter eater parkin' meter all of the time
If I run out of ale, it's Thunderbird wine Miller drinkin', chicken eatin', dress so fly
I got friends in high places that are keepin' me high
Get down with Mike D and it ain't no hassle
I got the ladies of the eighties from here to White Castle Hold it now, hit it!
Yo Leroy!
It's my joint it's my, hold it now
It's my rhyme The now and T, Adam Yauch in the place to be
And all the girls are on me 'cause I'm down with Mike D
I'm down with Mike D, and he ain't no baloney
For real, not phony O.E. and Rice-a-Roni I come out at night 'cause I sleep all day
Well I'm the King Ad Rock, and he's MCA
Well I'm a-cruisin', I'm bruisin', I'm never ever losin'
I'm in my car, I'm goin' far and dust is what I'm usin' Around the way is where I'm from
And I'm from Manhattan and I'm not a bum
Because you're pud-slappin', ball-flappin', got that juice
My name's Mike D and I can do that Jerry Lewis Hold it now, hit it!
Yo Leroy!
Yo man, that was real def man
Try that again, man I like that def stuff, boy! Hip hoppin', body rockin', doin' the do
Beer drinkin', breath stinkin', sniffin' glue
Belly fillin', always illin', bustin' caps
My name's Mike D and I write my own snaps Now I'm a peep-show seekin' on the forty-deuce
I'm a killer at large and I'm on the loose
Pistol packin', monkey drinkin', no money bum
I come from Brooklyn 'cause that's where I'm from Cheap skate, perpetratin', money hungry jerk
Every day I drink O.E. and I don't go to work
You drippy nose knucklehead, you're we behind the ears
You like men and we like beers! Yo Leroy!
Pass that joint on over
Yo man, pass that over here man, all right King of the Ave with the def female
You're rhymin' and stealin' with the freshest ale
Coolin' at the crib watchin' my TV
Ed Norton, Ted Knight and Mr. Ed Pump it up homeboy, just don't stop
Chef Boyardee coolin' on the pot
I take no slack 'cause I got the knack
And I'm never dustin' out 'cause I torch that crack The King Ad Rock, that is my name
Y'all's drinkin' Moet and we got the champagne
A quarter droppin', goin' shoppin' buyin' wigs
Surgeon General cut professor, D.J. Thigs! Hold it now, hit it!
Hit it!
Hold it now, hit it!
Yo Leroy! M.C. for what I AM and do
The A is for Adam and the lyrics; true
So as pray and hope and the message is sent
And I AM living in the dreams that I have dreamt
Because I'm down with the three the unstoppable three
Me and Adam and D. were born to M.C.
And my body and soul and mind are pure
Not polluted or diluted or damaged beyond cure
Just lyrics from I to you recited
Arrested, bailed but cuffed and indicted
Enter the arena as I take center stage
The lights set low and the night has come of age
Take the microphone in hand as that I am a professional
Speak my knowledge to the crowd and the ed. is special
For I AM a bard but not the last one
I'm my own king and this is my castle
Dwell in realms of now but vidi those of the past
Seen a glimpse from ahead and I don't think it's gonna last
And you can bet your ass I drop the L. when I'm skiing
I'm smoking and peaking
I put the skis on the roof almost every single weekend
Can't stop the mindfuck when it's rolling along
Can't stop the smooth runnin's when the shit's running strong
Broke my bindings the lion with wings
Preaching his word in the B-Boy sing
I AM one with myself as I turn to The
I prefer the dreams to reality
I prefer my life don't need no other man's wife
Don't need no crazy lifestyle with stress and strife
But it's good to have turn to be a king for a day
Or for a week or for a year or for a year in a day
Come what may
I'm fishing with my boat and I'm fishing for trout
Mix the Bass Ale with the Guiness Stout
Fishing for a line inside my brain
And looking out at the world through my window pane
Every day has many colors cuz the glass is stained
Everything has changed but remains the same
So once again the mirror raised and I see myself as clear as day
And I AM going to the limits of my ultimate destiny
Feeling as though Somebody were testing me
He who sees the end from the beginning of time
Looking forward through all the ages is, was and always shall be
Check the prophetic sections of the pages He goes by the name of Disco Dave They got a committee to get me off the block
'Cause I say my rhymes loud and I say 'em nonstop
Because being bad news is what we're all about
We went to White Castle and we got thrown out
I got my boy Mike D. - I got the King Adrock I got the jammy with the ammo
Inside my sock
I shot homeboy but the bullet was a dud
So I reached in the Miller cooler - grabbed a cool Bud
Slow riding, gun hidin' on the go
I'm fly like an eagle and I drink Old Crow
I'm the king of the classroom - coolin' in the back
My teacher had beef so I gave her a smack
She chased me out of class she was strapped with a ruler
Went to the bathroom - rolled myself a wooler
With bottle in hand at the microphone stand
A. yo homeboy - what you drinkin' man I got money - I got juice
I got to the party and I got loose
I got rhythm - I got rhymes
I got the girlies with the Def behinds
I got I'll - I got busted
I got dust and I got dusted
I got gold - I got funky I got the new dance - they call the Brass Monkey Because I'm hard hittin' - always biten - cool as hell
I got trees on my mirror so my car won't smell
Sittin' around the house - gettin' high and watchin' tube
Eating Colonel's chicken - drinkin' Heineken brew
I'm a gangster, I'm a prankster - I'm the king of the Ave.
I'm hated, confrontated for the juice that I have
All the fly ladies are making a fuss
But I can't pay attention - 'cause I'm on that dust Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo
Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo It's never old school - all brand new
So everybody catch - the bugaloo flu
Not like a fever - not like a cold
The beats are clear - the rhymes are bold
So don't see a doctor or see a nurse
Just listen to the music - first things first
First of all - get off the wall
It's time to party so have a ball
Because we slowed it on down - so get the hell up
Like a volcano I'll erupt
We got determination - bass and highs
White Castle fries only come in one size
What you see is what you get
And you ain't seen - nothing yet Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo
Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo I do not sing - but I make a Def song
You could live your whole life - and I hope you live long
On the Gong Show we won't get gonged
We're the Beastie Boys - not Cheech and Chong
Strong as an ox - fresh out the box
The crowd is so live - they're coming in flocks
And when we go on - the crowd goes off
It's all hard rock - there's nothing soft Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo
Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo We don't only rock the house but we'll house we rock
We don't stroll but we roll straight to the top
M.C.A., Adrock, Mike D. makes three
And we can do it like this in the place to be
When I'm recorded - you'll be rewarded
I know my song is Def 'cause you all applauded
Not P.C.P. or L.S.D. - just me Mike D. in the place to be
This is not free - you must pay a fee
Cash on delivery like a C.O.D. Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo
Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo The beat is slow in order to dance
I wanna hear I dos and no I can't
First you move your legs - and then your arms
It's not fast and nervous - this dance is calm
It's truly stable and you ought to be able
To dance to the record when it's on the turntable Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo
Let it flow - let yourself go
Slow and low - that is the tempo Well this girl came up to me - she says she's new in town
But the crew been said they seen her around
I thought they were right but I didn't wanna know
The girlie was Def and she wanted to go
I think her name is Lucy but they all call Loose
I think I thought I seen her on eighth and forty-deuce
The next thing she said, "My place or yours?
Let's kick some bass behind closed doors!"
We got into the cab - the cab driver said
He recognized my girlie from the back of her head
He said a little something about tip to base
So I made him stop the cab to get out of the place
I shouldn't have looked back man I'll always regret it
Something's going on and I'll probably never get it
She was crying like a baby - stupid dumb
It's just too bad that girl's a bum Chorus:
She's crafty - she's gets around
She's crafty - she's always down
She's crafty - she's got a gripe
She's crafty - and she's just my type
She's crafty I spent my last dollar to by a Sabrett
When I seen this girl I could never forget
Now I like nothing better than a pretty girl smile
And I haven't seen a smile that pretty in a while
The girl came up to me she said she loved the show
Asked her to come home and she couldn't say, "No!"
We got the crib - there's Adam and D.
We didn't say a word - they just stared at me
I said, "I don't know her just met her tonight."
And Adrock started hiding everything in sight
D. pulled me over said, "Hide your gold,
The girl is crafty like ice is cold!"
The girl is crafty - she knows all the moves
I started playing records - she knew all the grooves
He thought she was a thief - and D. was right
But I just figured she'd spend the night
When I woke up late in the afternoon
She had taken all the things from inside his room
I found myself sleeping in the middle of the floor
She had taken the bed and the chest of drawers
The mirror, the TV, the new guitar cord
My remote control and my old skateboard
She robbed us blind - she took all we owned
And the boys blamed me for bringing her home (Chorus) Yes, yes, y'all - you don't stop
You keep it on - and shockin' the place
Well I'm M.C.A. - I got nothing to prove
Pay attention - my intention is to bust a move
I drink quarts and cans and bottles and sixes
Between the turntables keep the vodka and the mixes
I'm Mike D. - I got the deuces wild
A list of girlies numbers that I've dialed
I do the Smurf, the Popeye, and the Jerry Lewis
I like Bullwinkle but I don't like Moose
I'm schoolin' in the boys' room - coolin' by the locker
All the girls in class know that I'm the cool rocker
Punk in the hall - man I should of oughtta hit him
Had the fresh rhymes and the kid cold bite 'em
Smokin' in the boys room is what I do best
While you were at a party - your girlfriend fessed
I keep a pistol in my pocket so you better be cautious
Fly around the world - but it makes me nauseous
Mike D.'s day off everyday of the week
I got to the party - and I did the freak
I got a girl in the Castle and one in the pagoda
You know I got rhymes like Abe Vigoda
I'm a Def Manhattan killer - a rhyme driller
A mike in my hand and a mouth full of Miller
I got a hat not a visor - I drink Budweiser
The turntables - up on the drum riser
The needle's in the groove and the vinyl's on the platter
I know that I'm fly man there's no need to flatter
I travel around the globe - it's keeping girlies dizzy
My name's Mike D. - now watch me get busy y'all You're a fake wearin' sucker whose gold got rusted
4Cheaper than a hot do with no mustard
You tried to steal my fresh and you got cold busted
Because your crew's all soft and I'm disgusted
I'm from downtown the city of Manhattan
I got a lotta girlies and not one's cattin'
My posse's in effect and we're doin' the do
And we got more rhymes than your whole damn crew
Caught you poppin' that weak and you must of been dusted
Stuck you head in the toilet and stone cold flushed it
Word. Intergalactic planetary, planetary intergalactic
Another dimension, another dimension Well, now, don't you tell me to smile
You stick around I'll make it worth your while
Got numbers beyond what you can dial
Maybe it's because I'm so versatile Style, profile, I said
It always brings me back when I hear, "ooh child"
From the Hudson River out to the Nile
I run the marathon to the very last mile Well, if you battle me, I will revile
People always sayin' my style is wild
You've got gall, you've got guile (guile)
To step to me, I'm a rapophile If you wanna battle, you're in denial
Comin' from Uranus to check my style
Go ahead; put my rhymes on trial
Cast you off into exile Jazz and AWOL, that's our team
Step into the party, disrupt the whole scene
When it comes to beats, well, I'm a fiend
I like my sugar with coffee and cream Well, I gotta keep it goin', keep it goin' full steam
Too sweet to be sour; too nice to be mean
Well, on the tough guy style, I'm not too keen
Trying to change the world, I will plot and scheme Mario C likes to keep it clean (clean)
Goin' to shine like a sunbeam
Keep on rapping 'cause that's my dream
Got an A from Moe Dee for sticking to themes Now when it comes to envy, ya'll is green
Jealous of the rhyme and the rhyme routine ('tine)
Another dimension, new galaxy
Intergalactic planetary We're from the family tree of old school hip-hop
Kick off your shoes and relax your socks
The rhymes will spread just like a pox
'Cause the music is live, like an electric shock I am known to do the wop (wop)
Also known for the Flinstone Flop
Tammy D getting biz on the crop (crop)
Beastie Boys known to let the beat
"MMM, Drop!"
Do it Now when I wrote graffiti, my name was Slop
If my rap's soup, my beat is stock
Step from the table when I start to chop
I'm a lumberjack, DJ Adrock If you try to knock me, you'll get mocked
I'll stir fry you in my wok
Your knees'll start shaking and your fingers pop
Like a pinch on the neck from Mr. Spock Hello brooklyn 
New york new york it's a hell of a town
The bronx is up and I'm brooklyn down
They don't know my name they only know my initials
Building bombs in the attic for elected officials
I quit my job I cut my hair
I cut my boss cause I don't care
You tried to get slick you bust a little chuckle
You're gonna get smacked with my gold finger knuckle
Cause being as fly as me is something you never thought of
You'll be sticking up old ladies with the hand gun or the sawed-off
Like a buffalo soldier I'm broader than broadway
Keep keepin' on I don't care what they say
I play my stereo loud it disturbs my neighbors
I want to enjoy the fruits of my labor
Cause I am the holder of the 3-pack bonanza
If you open the book then you will get your hand slapped
I am the keeper of the 3-pack bonanza
If you ask a question you will get the answer
Her breast I saw I reached I felt
M.o.n.e.y. the belt
I stay at home just like a hermit
I got the jammy but I don't got the permit
Yes you got a boyfriend and indeed his name is slick nick
That is why annabelle you're caught with the shrimpy limp dick trick
I ride around town cause my ride is fly
I shot a man in brooklyn just to watch him die Kick it!
You wake up late for school, man, you don't wanna go
You ask your mom: "please?", but she still says: "no!"
You missed two classes and no homework
But your teacher preaches class like you're some kind of jerk
And you gotta fight
Fight your right
To paaaaarty!
Your pops caught you smoking and he said: "no way!"
That hypocrite smokes two packs a day!
Man, living at home is such a drag
Now your mom threw away your best porno mag
BUSTED!
And you gotta fight
Fight your right
To paaaaarty!
And you gotta fight
Don't step out of this house if that's the clothes you're gonna wear
I'll kick you out of my home if you don't cut that hair!
Your mom busted in and said: "what's that noise?"
Mom you're just jealous it's the BEAS-TIE-BOYS!
And you gotta fight
Fight your right
To paaaaaaarty!
You gotta fight
Fight your right
To paaaaarty!
Paaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarty!
Paaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarty! Dear Alex and Marilyn
They're Lovey and Thurston howellin
The grasshopper unit is prowellin
And Rufus is back home growellin
For all of y'all that are dozin
On Hornblower's lederhosen
Like Walt Disney he'll be frozen
And then the Swiss Hall of Fame he goes in
Cause when he's out in space carousin
Pick up my mic and start joustin
His name plate medallion
Says never trust a hal 9000 Check the horizontal hold and check the tint
Are these three fools back at it again
Inspector Clouseau and Derek Flint
Nothin but sparks ignitin'
Check two one two mic testin
This one goes out to Dechen
Rise fallen fighters take your stance again
Don't think too much about the color of skin
Order in vegetarian sharks fin
Try to keep my life non violent
Rewind the tape and punch me in
Like Chuck D with the where you never been I'm in I'm a long way from where I've been but I gotta keep movin' Ooh my my I'm really not feeling it
Ooh my my something's really wrong
The p.a. sound is deafenin
Bitin MCs I'm oustinin
With spinach in your teeth you're grinnin
So on your way out please take a mint
Got the studio to throw a craze in
The basslines Yauch just lays in
This song is the grass you're grazin
Add a little flange and phase in
Don't get mad 'cause I'm beguilin
I'm off the hook so don't bother dialin
They're gonna put me in the b.i.n.
And if I die notify the next of kin It's like that y'all Yes, here we go again, give you more, nothing lesser Back on the mic is the anti-depressor Ad-Rock, no pressure, yes, we need this
The best is yet to come, and yes, believe this
Leggo my Eggo while I flex my ego
Step off my Seco, dressed up tuxedo Sipping coffee, playing Keno in the casino
Want a lucky number, ask Mike Dino
I burn the competition like a flamethrower
My rhymes age like wine as I get older
I'm getting bolder, competition is waning
I got the feeling and assume the lane and We got a party on the left, a party on the right
We gonna party for the motherf-cking right to fight
Make some noise if you're with me
Make some noise if you're with me Armed insurrection, popular election
Get paid every year like tax collection
Hear my perfection, rotary connection
Taking MCs down by lethal rap injection
I'm like an ornithologist when I get pissed
You must have drank a fizzy-lifting drink and you got lifted And sifted, I'm just whiffed
And when I catch MCs it's time for wing-clipping
I fly like a hawk, or better yet an eagle
A seagull, I sniff suckers out like a beagle My ego is off and running and gone
Cause I'm about the best and if you diss than that's wrong
We got a party on the left, a party on the right
We gonna party for the motherf-cking right to fight Make some noise if you're with me
Make some noise if you're with me Pass me the scalpel, I'll make an incision
I'll cut off the part of your brain that does the bitching
Put it in formaldehyde and put it in the shelf
And you can show it to your friends and say "that's my old self"
Can't do me nothing, can't tell me nada
Don't quote me now because I'm doing the lambada The forbidden dance, here's my chance
To make romance in my B-boy stance
Parlay romancing into the financing
Opened up a restaurant with Ted Danson
The roaches check in, but they never check out
I set the record straight, no doubt
We got a party on the left, a party on the right
We gonna party for the motherf-cking right to fight
Make some noise if you're with me
Make some noise if you're with me (Well how you feelin Ad Rock?) Well I'm feelin well
Bonafide, qualified, with a story to tell
(Well how feelin Mike D?) Well I feel all good
All day is how we play in the neighborhood
(Well how you feelin MCA?) Well I feel right
I swing my words on the track cause the track sound tight
(So if you're feelin good and you're feelin right)
(Uhh, somebody step up and grab the mic) 
Well hello everybody and how you been
It's Ad Rock rappin on the microphone again
I got grace class style finesse and debonaire
Murderalize motherfuckers cause I just don't care
The Emcee Whisperer kinda like a trainer
I take sucker rappers, I put 'em through a strainer
Like macaroni cause the shit sound cheesy
Watch how it's done boy, it looks easy
The non-stop, goin off, kingpin, microphone
boss do my own thing, you can't afford the cost
of my fly styles that complete the turnstile
Cause it's live and direct, and I'm wiggidy wild!
Now get your ass on the floor, I got total control
I flow like the water out your toilet bowls
Your style is cheap boy, just like a Dutch
You know you're not smokin on the microphone much
There's a certain special talent that I never lack
Huh hah huh hah! And that's a fact
Cause we shine like the chrome on a Cadillac
You better break a wishbone cause we never wack
Then, we never that and that is that
And we're the nonstop disco powerpack!
Uhh, that's right, we go all night
Who gonna be next to bless the mic? Now this is the way we run it down
We're gettin you high on the funky sound
This is the way we get it on
B-Boys in the house 'til the break of dawn See I mix my style up like a cement mixer
Smooth'll fix ya like a rhyme elixir
Hey yo yo soundman, make Mike's mic louder
Don't make me sound cheap like a box of douche powder
I'll max and relax, champag-no ego
Don't know commando, don't know bandito
Je m'appelle Michele, very long
Me and Dawn in the shack and we got it goin on
Prince he's in the hot tub like it's seventy-three
Lookin over his shoulder and he's lookin at me
I'm up right in the face, towel around my waist
What's up with that watch inside the glass case?
I go to make my move, sneak out the place
Undetected! Not leavin a trace
Party's done, microphone threat
Rhymes been jumped, and heads been checked
I see one last profiterol, I make my play
And pass the microphone to MCA Non-stop, from the top, when you clock, then we rock
Them not kickin, them not stickin, we be makin hip-hop
(So c'mon everybody get down... yeah)
Now there's a spot check, get the dead count down
Cause I'ma break it down for ya how we burn it down
Pound for pound, keep the basslines round
See you rockin, clockin, checkin my sound
but I grew up with hip-hop
Still got mad love for a record called "Beat Rock"
It mean a lot spinnin on my Walkman
Shoutout, to the Afrika Bam'
And to the X to the {?} the double-O-N-Y
The one emcee, who you can't deny
At least he threw me records, that made heads fly
Sit down to write and the pen blazed fire
Construct a rhyme, with specific intent
Flippin all the braincells right to the pen
And then I put the root down when I hold the mic
Words flowin so cold turn water to ice
Come through to rock such a rate to tape
You put me in the mix like {?} up at the plate
And then they press it on wax, sell it in the store
The DJ's screamin kick it out on the dancefloor
Comin through the speaker to shake your eardrum
Braincells get with it make you hear where we're from Ad Rock, HUH! Get it on
We gonna rock the house until the break of dawn
Now Mike D, HUH! Get it on
We gonna rock the house until the break of dawn
And MCA (yeah) get it on
We gonna rock the house until the break of dawn
Beastie Boys in the house, don't stop! 
 Yea
You're coming off like you're Van Damme
You've got Kenny G, in your Trans Am
You've got names like Billy Ray
Now you sing 'Hip Hop Hooray' Put your Oakley's, stone wash on
Watching MTV and you watch on
And #1 on the side and don't touch the back
And #6 on the top and don't cut it wack, Jack Mullet head, don't touch the back
Cut the sides, don't touch the back
Cut the sides, don't touch the back
Cut the sides and don't touch the back Shiny chrome rims never rusted
Driving through the tunnel and you might get busted
Never trusted, mullet head
You know you took that girl to bed Cruising 8th Street, Saturday night
And trying to find a head shop, looking to fight
You've got that stonewash derriere, yeah
Spike the top because the week-end is here You wanna know what's a mullet?
Well, I got a little story to tell
About a hair style that's way of life
Have you ever seen a mullet wife? Yo, take a chill B, check out my Spillbee
'Cause you don't know about the mullet head
Cruise in my IROC, stonewash on my cock
Got it like that 'cause I'm the mullet head
Put me on trial, I'm worth your while
Pass me the comb 'cause I'm the mullet man Got The New York Post, read that story
About Joey Buttafooco in all his glory
They said he tried to freak it with a high school girl
Pimpin' Amy Fisher to the rest of the world A real lover man, a real Casanova
Joey got horny and now he's over
Amy got pissed, shot his wife
Joey goes to jail for the rest of his life Cut the sides, don't touch the back
The back, the back
[Incomprehensible] I'm not the type of person who likes to waste my time
And when I'm on the mic - I just say my rhymes
Because I'm out on bail - the check is in the mail
They can sentence me to life - but I won't go to jail
I'm cool calm collected - from class I was ejected
Just me, Mike D., and M.C.A. - we're rarely disrespected
I got all the time that I need to kill
What's the time? - it's time to get ill You been fully captivated by that funky ass bass
Your girlfriend screams when M.C.A.'s in the place
He stumbles in the room with the Chivas in his hand
Cold chillin' on the spot at the microphone stand
I'd have the pedal to the metal if I had a car
But I'm chiller with the Miller - cold coolin' at the bar
I can drink a quart of Monkey and still stand still
What's the time? - it's time to get ill Went outside my house - I went down to the deli
I spent my last dime to refill my fat belly
I got rhymes galime - I got rhymes galilla
And I got more rhymes than Phillis Diller
M.C.A. takes a stand - man you're in command
Homeboy, turn it out and don't give a damn
My name is M.C.A. - I've got a license to kill
What's the time? - it's time to get ill Riding down the block with my box in my hand
Today I feel like chillin' just as chill as I can
Coolin' on the corner with a forty of O.E.
'Cause me and M.C.A. we're down with Mike D.
When I run a jam - I don't give a damn
When I'm throwing bass - I say, "Thank you ma'am."
Fuel injected, rhyme connected - running things
I'm the King Adrock and I'm the king of all kings
I'm looking for a spot - things are gettin' hot
I'm M.C.A., I'm here to stay - and you sir, are not
Oh no, it could not be - it's such a sight to see
It's such a trip - you're on my tip so listen to Mike D.
My work is my play - cause I'm playing when I work
My name's Mike D., as you can see and I can dot the jerk
M.C.A., Adrock, Mike D. - it's chill
What's the time? - it's time to get ill [Now, get busy] Once upon a time up on this mic
MC's be really workin' on what they write
With the sound delight we rock all night
And yes we're gonna party for the right to fight We're international like Matt Takei
Rock the mic from Munich out to Taipei
Still around the way is where we'll stay
Say what we mean, mean what we say Trajectories from the past are taking their toll and
What we do now is future molding
Columbine bowling, childhood stolen
We need a bit more gun controlling Right, Right, Now, Now
What is goin' on?
We, We, Gotta, Gotta
Get it goin' on
Be, Be, Fore, Fore
It's Too Far Gone
We gotta work together, it's been too long When I get on you scream ["Hoo Tight!"]
Rockin' this flow I could go all night
I'm not here to fight, or incite
I'm like the beach in the Bahamas make you feel alright I'm getting kind of tired of the situation
The US attacking other nations
And narrations on every station
False election's got me losing my patience I'm a funky-ass Jew and I'm on my way
And yes I got to say fuck the KKK
And oh yeah hey, how about today?
If you want to set it off then let me hear you say Right, Right, Now, Now
What is goin' on?
We, We, Gotta, Gotta
Get it goin' on
Be, Be, Fore, Fore
It's Too Far Gone
We gotta work together, it's been too long I went to get a loan and they asked my race
I wrote down human inside the space
It's a disgrace how they try to debase
It ain't the bank's damn business how my lineage trace Now let me drop a verse that's terse and concise
I'm an iron chef when I slice and dice
With the rhyme precise, the word is nice
So please pass me the Reunite on ice Well let's go to work and not beserk
'Cause when the time comes the body goes to dirt
Try to smooth it out like Levert
Keep the mind alert and not revert Right, Right, Now, Now
What is goin' on?
We, We, Gotta, Gotta
Get it goin' on
Be, Be, Fore, Fore
It's Too Far Gone
We gotta work together, it's been too long Good morning, time to get up and go to work I ride on the bus into the city everyday
I sit on my seat and I dream myself away
I dream I'm on an island with that foxy lady too
But when I awaken I must be mistaken I'm on third avenue Won't you take me away and take away me?
Won't you take me away and take away me? Yeah Alright get off the bus
You're wild man, wild
What're you saying? You're stupid
You should sleep late man
It is much easy on your constitution The best in men's clothing
Call paul's boutique ask for janice 
The number is ah (718) 498-1043
That's paul's boutique and they're in brooklyn... Yes, I got more bounce to the fuckin' bump
And then you want to know Why it's cause I'm motherfuckin' truckin'
I'm in the pocket just like Grady Tate
I got supplies of beats so you don't have to wait
'Cause I'm the master blaster Drinking up the shasta
My voice sounds sweet 'cause it has to
So light a match to my ass 'cause I'm blown up
I'd like to thank the people for just showin' up
But now I want y'all to move it
Put your point on the floor and just prove it
And I'm smurfin not rehearsin' gettin' live y'all
A little puffy so you know what I'm doin' right
'Cause that's the kind of frame of mind I'm in
I got this feelin' that's back again
So don't touch me 'cause I'm electric
And if you touch me you'll get shocked! You've got the boomin' system But it's blasting out doo-doo
You think it's chocolate milk But it's watered down yoo-hoo
I've been through many times In which I thought I might lose it
The only thing that saved me Has always been music
We've got our own studio the son of the G
It's no question life's been good to me
'Cause life ain't nothing but a good groove
A good mix tape to put you in the right mood
This one goes out to my man the Groove Merchant
Coming through with beats For which I've been searching
Like two sealed copies of expansions
I'm like Tom Vu with yachts and mansions
The logo I sport is the face of the monkey
Union made Ben Davis quality it's no junk see
My chrome is shining just like an icicle
I ride around town on my low-rider bicycle. So many wack M.C.'s You get the T.V. bozack
Ain't even gonna call out your names 'cause you're so wack
But one big oaf whose faker than plastic
A dictionary definition of the word spastic
You should have never started something That you couldn't finish
'Cause writin' rhymes to me is like Popeye to spinach
I'm bad ass move your fat ass 'cause you're wack son
Dancin' around like you think you're Janet Jackson
Thought you could walk on me co get some ground to walk on
I'll put the rug out under your ass as I talk on
I'll take you out like a sniper on a roof
Like an M.C. at the fever in the D.J. booth
With your headphones strapped You're rockin' rewind pause
Tryin' to figure out what you can do to go for yours
But like the pencil to the paper I got more to come
One after another you can all get some
So you better take your time and meditate on your rhyme
'Cause your shit'll be stinking when I go for mine
And that's right y'all don't get uptight y'all
You can't say shit because you're biting what I write y'all
And that's wrong y'all over the long haul
You can't cut the mustard when you're fronting it all "All Aboard, Track 17, All Aboard'" YEEEHAAW
Now this song is dedicated,
To all the hard workin' pioneers of this country
Setting out discovering the West
Bringin' a railroad to where no man has ever been before. Johnny he worked on a railroad
A poundin' on iron and steel
Workin' his way out West now
The only sure things his next meal
America was young
But she was a growin'
Layin' tracks across the prairie
Not knowing where they're going
His mother didn't wanna' leave him
But now he's in the West
She said please don't go
But he said if I don't I'll never rest
It wasn't always easy
Some of the boys died
Johnny wrote her letters
But received no replies Johnny he worked on a railroad
A poundin' on iron and steel
Workin' his way out West now
The only sure things his next meal Johhny reached San Francisco
Tired and broke without a dime
Started panning for gold
Just a hopin' he would find
The gold wasn't a rushin'
But Johnny kept on minin'
Trying to send his mama something
With the letters he was signing
Then one day Johnny finally got a reply
When he opened mama's letter
He began to cry
She's a writin' from her deathbed
And this is what she said
Please don't be mad at me son,
'Ccause tomorrow I'll be dead Johnny he worked on a railroad
A poundin' on iron and steel
Workin' his way out West now
The only sure things his next meal Cause nobody can do it like Mix Master Mike can,
Come on now
I've got the D double O, D double O style
Here we go again because it's been awhile
Do me a favor don't touch that dial
I rock from Manhattan to the Miracle Mile
My name's Mike D and I'm the ladies choice
I want to get next to you like Rose Royce
Y'all gather round to hear my golden voice
Cause when its time to rhyme you know I get noice
Cruising like a fan boat on the glade
He'll tweak ass your ass across the cross fade
So watch your back when he takes the stage
Or he'll send you off on a naked rampage 3 MC's and one DJ
We be getting down with no delay
Mix Master Mike what cha got to say 
Sweet and sour like a tangerine
Fresh like a box of Krispy Kremes
Kenny Rogers' Gambler is my gambling theme
Mix Master Mike with the scratch routine
Always updated and in the know
You know we break it down going toe to toe
The bass is booming from down below
And Norton is chillin with Mario
Well my name is Adrock I'm a Scorpio
Don't ask me cause I just don't know
I'm known to mop I'm known to glow
But don't get mad cause I got to go Three MC's and one DJ
We be getting down with no delay
Mix Master Mike what cha got to say Mix Master cut faster All top secret and classified
I grab a hold of a mic and let the words glide
It's all hypnotic and sanctified
I never wanna let a bad day slip by
We be getting stupid in your area
Causing all kinds of hysteria
My beats is sick like malaria
But don't worry I'll take care of ya
Me and Adam Adam and Mario C
When we're in the studio it's the place to be
To all bein I stay up all night I go to sleep watchin' Dragnet
Never sleep alone because Jimmy is the magnet
I'm so rope they call me Mr. Roper
When the troubles arise you know I'm the cool coper
On the mic I score just like the Yankees
Get over on Ms. Crabtree like my main man Spankee
Excuse me young lady I don't mean to trouble ya
But you're looking so fly inside your B.M.W.
I got lucky I brought home the kitten
Before I got busy I schlepped on the mitten
Can't get better odds because I'm a sure thing
Proud Mary keeps on turning and rolling like a Ring Ding
Jump the turnstile never pay the tool
Doo wa diddy and bust with the pre-roll
Customs jailed me over an herb seed
Don't rat on your boy over some rat weed
I'm outta your back door I'm into another
Your boyfriend doesn't know about me and you're mother
Not perfect grammar always perfect timing
The Mike stands for money and the D. is for diamonds Roses are red the sky is blue
I got my barrel at your neck so what the fuck you gonna' do
It's just two wheels and me the wind in my eyes
The engine is the music and my nine's by my side
Cause you know why a you see H.
I'm takin' all M.C.'s out in the place
Takin' life as it comes no fool am I
I'm goin' off gettin' paid and I don't ask why
Playin' beats on my box makin' music for the many
Know alota def girls that'll do anything
A lot of parents like to think I'm a villain
I'm just chillin' like Bob Dylan
Yea I smoke cheeba it helps me with my brain
I might be a little dusted but I'm not insane
People come up to me and they try to talk shit man I was making records when you were sucking on your mother's dick Girl you're walking tall now in your fancy clothes
You got fancy things their going up your nose
You gettin' fancy gifts from expensive men
You're a dog on a leash like a pig in a pen
Mothership connection getting girl's affection
If your life needs correction don't follow my direction
You got your 8 by 10 your agent your Harley
You be driving around Hollywood with yo sorry charlie
Cause I'm running things like some Mack motherfucker.
You slipin' you slackin' cause you're a false fake sucker
You slip you slack you clock me and you lack
While I'm reading on the road by my man Jack Kerouac
Poetry in motion coconut lotion
Had to diss the girl because she got too emotional
Are you experienced little girl
I want to know what goes on in your little girl world
Cause I'm on your mind It's hard to forget me
I'll take your pride for a ride if you let me
So peace out ya'll, a PCP song out
Full throttle to the bottle and full full clout
And I'm out...
"Waa." Hey
Hey
Hey Riddle me this my brother, can you handle it?
Your style to my style, you can't hold a candle to it
Equinox symmetry and the balance is right
Smokin' and drinkin' on a Tuesday night It's not how you play the game it's how you win it
I cheat and steal and sin and I'm a cynic
For those about to rock, we salute you
The dirty thoughts for dirty minds, we contribute to I once was lost but now I'm found
The music washes over and you're one with the sound
Well, who shall inherit the earth, the meek shall
And yo, I think I'm starting to peak now Al And the man upstairs I hope that he cares
If I had a penny for my thoughts I'd be a millionaire
We're just 3 M.C.'s and we're on the go
Shadrach Mesach Abednago Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago Hey hey hey
Hey hey hey
Hey yeah Ahh, only 24 hours in a day
Only 12 notes, well, a man can play
Music for all and not just one people
And now we're gonna bust with the Putney Swope sequel More Adidas sneakers that a plumber's got pliers
Got more suites that Jacoby & Meyers
If not for my vices and my bugged out desires
My year would be good just like Goodyear's tires So I'm out pickin' pockets at the Atlantic Antic
And nobody wants to hear you 'cause your rhymes are so frantic
I mix business with pleasure way too much
You know wine and women and song and such I don't get blue, I gotta mean red streak
You don't pay the band, your friends and that's weak
Get even like Steven like pulling a Rambo
Shadrach Mesach Abednago Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago Hey hey hey
Hey hey hey
Hey yeah Ah, steal from the rich and I'm out robbing banks
Give it to the poor and I always give thanks
Because I got more stories than J.D.Salinger
I hold the title and you are the challenger I've got money like Charles Dickens
I got the girlies in the Coupe like the Colonel's got the chickens
And I always go out dapper like Harry S.Truman
I'm madder than Mad's Alfred E. Newman, Newman {Oh, never gonna let them say that I don't love you} My noggin' is hoggin' all kinds of thoughts
Adam Yoggin' is Yauch and he's rockin' of course
Smoke the Holy Chalice got my own religion
Rally round the stage and check the funky dope musicians Like Jerry Lee Swaggert or Jerry Lee Falwell
You love Mario Andretti 'cause he always drives his car well
Vicious circle of reality since the day you were born
And we love the hot butter on what the popcorn Sippin' on wine and mackin'
Rockin' on the stage with all the hands clappin'
Ride the wave of fate, it don't ride me
Being very proud to be an M.C And the man upstairs, well, I hope that he cares
If I had a penny for my thoughts I'd be a millionaire
Amps and crossovers under my rear hood
The bass is bumpin' from the back of my Fleetwood
They tell us what to do, hell no
Shadrach Mesach Abednago Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago
Shadrach Mesach Abednago Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey
Hey People How You Doing There's A New Day Dawning
For The Earth Mother It's A Brand New Morning
For Such A Long While There's Been Such A Longing
But Now The Sun Is Shining Let's Roll Back The Awning This Is A Type Of Kinda Like A Formal Dedication
Giving Out A Shout For Much Inspiration
All I Ever Really Want To Do Is Get Nice
Get Loose And Goof My Little Slice Of Life
Sendin' Out Love To All Corners Of The Land
I Jump Up On The Stage And Take The Mic In My Hand
I'm Not Playin' The Roll Just Being Who I Am
And If You Try To Dis Me I Couldn't Give A Damn
'Cause I'm Rockin' Bass From The Back Of My Car Feels Soothing
Right Bazookas Is What I'm Using
I'm Mike D And It's Been Proven
I Love It When I See The Party People Just Movin'
Strapped On The Ear Goggles And What Did I See
But The Music Brought The People Into Harmony Ahh yeah
I looked out the window and seen his bald head
Ran to the fridge and pulled out an egg
Scoped him with my scopes he had no hair
Launched that shot and he was caught out there
Saw the convertible driving by
Loaded up the slingshot and let one fly
He went for his to find he didn't have one
Put him in check correct with my egg gun
The egg a symbol of life
Go inside your house and bust out your wife
I pulled out the jammy he thought it was a joke
The trigger I pulled his face the yoke
Reached in his pocket took all his cash
Left my man standing with an egg moustache
Suckers they come a dime a dozen
When I say dozen you know what I'm talking about boy Yea that's right I'm the Egg Man Driving around
King of the town "Yea"
Always got my windows rolled down
Ready to throw
You know I'm the Egg Man Once upon a time
You know I'm the Egg Man Humpty Dumpty was a big fat egg
He was playing the wall then he broke his leg
Tossed it out the window three minutes hot
Hit the Rastaman he said "bloodclot"
Which came first the chicken or the egg
I egged the chicken and then I ate his leg
Riding the trains in between cars
When I pull out the station "you're gonna get yours"
Drive by eggings plaguing L.A
"Yo they just got my little cousin ese"
Sometimes hard boiled sometimes runny Ray
Comes from a chicken not a bunny dummy
People laugh, it's no joke
My name's Yauch and I'm throwing the yoke
"Now they got me in a cell" but I don't care
It was then that I caught catching people out there Up on the roof In my car up all night
I'm going through science like Dolemite
The Mack Who
I'm the Egg Man, taxi driver
I'm the Egg Man
"Egg Man, Egg Man " We all dressed in black we snuck up around the back
We began to attack the eggs did crack on Haze's back
Sam I am down with the program
Green eggs and ham Yosemite Sam
Come Halloween you know I come strapped
I throw it at a sucker K-pap
You made the mistake and judge a man by his race
You go through life with egg on your face
Woke up in the morning peculiar feeling
Looked up and saw egg dripping from the ceiling
Families punk rocks the businessman
I'll dog anybody with an egg in my hand
Not like the crack that you put in a pipe
But crack on your forehead here's a towel now wipe "Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man
Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man
Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man Egg Man "
Egg Man MCA-
Fresh Dressed
cause I shop at Modell's
Deep in Brooklyn
I ride the L
Used to ride the D to beat the morning bell
At Edward R. Murrow out on Avenue L. AdRock-
Well, we be grillin' cheese and flippin' flapjacks
With the diamond stylus
Yo, we're cutting wax
We're the super elastic bubble plastic
Got ethereal material that's straight up classic Mike D-
You try to vex reject but you should respect
Or we'll have JC send you out a FedEx
So don't start to flex up in the disc0theque
Or we'll make you extinct like a tyranosaurus rex Chorus-
We're gonna rock this motherfucker
Like 3 the hard way
(repeat x3) MCA-
Your rhyme technique
It is antique
To all my heads
Qu'est-ce-que tu fabriques?
Que cosa fai? Como esta?
Ho fato molte telefonate AdRock-
OOPS! Gotcha
Clutch like Piazza
Sneak between the sheets
So hide the matzoh
Holla back challah bread... next
We are the crew that put the crew in cruex Mike D-
I can see that Def Jam doesn't recognize me
I'm Mike D,
The one who put the satin in your panties
Time to count MC's in this place to be
Not 5 not 4 not 2 just 3 (chorus) 1 1 1, 2 2 2, 3 3 3, what up? (4x) MCA-
Roundhouse kick the mic out your hand
Drunken Mantis, my name brand
So if you're slick with the tricks and the sleight of hand
I'm hip to the shit that you're trying to scam AdRock-
Ginip Ginop
I got shit to pop
I'm an exceptional professional
That just don't stop
o pack up your bags and your mic
And don't wait
E.T. phone home
Now get the fuck out my face! Mike D-
You know we shake 'em, bake 'em
Then we take 'em
Treat MC's like leaves
Go out and rake 'em
If you see our CD's on Canal before we make 'em
Then we'll have no other alternative
But to serve you on a platter like steak-ummm (chorus) If You Can Feel What I'm Feeling Then It's A Musical Masterpiece
But If You Can Hear What I'm Dealing With Then That's Cool At Least
What's Running Through My Mind Comes Through In My Walk
True Feelings Are Shown From The Way That I Talk
And This Is Me, Y'All - I M.C., Y'All
My Name Is M.C.A. And I Still Do What I Please
And Now I'd Like To Introduce I'll Pass The Mic To D. For A Fist Full Of Truth The Name Is D., Y'All And I Don't Play
And I Can Rock A Block Party 'Til Your Hair Turns Grey
"So, What You Sayin'?" I Explode On Site
And Like Jimmy Walker I'm "Dynomite"
And Now I'd Like To Pass The Mic
To Adrock C'mon And Do Anything You Like I'm The A.D.R.O.C.K.
In The Place With The Bass I'm Going All The Way
I Can't Stop Y'All Tick Tock Y'All
And If You Think That You're Slick You'll Catch A Brick Y'All
'Cause I'm A Turn It In And I'm A Turn It Out
But Now I Got To Pass The Mic To Yauch Well On And On And On And On
I Can't Stop Y'All 'Til The Early Morn'
So Rock Rock Y'All Tick Tock Y'All
To The Beat Y'All C'mon And Rock Y'All I Give Thanks For Inspiration
It Guides My Mind Along The Way
A Lot Of People Get Jealous, They're Talking About Me
But That's Just 'Cause They Haven't Got A Thing To Say Well, Everybody's Rapping Like It's A Commercial
Actin' Like Life Is A Big Commercial
So This Is What I've Got To Say To You All
Be True To Yourself And You Will Never Fall
And Now I'd Like To Pass The Mic To The A
So What's Your Name, Yauch? My Name Is M.C.A. I've Been Coming To Where I Am From The Get Go
Find That I Can Groove With The Beat When I Let Go
So Put Your Worries On Hold
Get Up And Groove With The Rhythm In Your Soul
And Now I'd Like To Pass The Mic
To My Brother Adrock C'mon And Shine Like A Light Yes Yes Y'All And Yes Yes Y'All
I'm Always On Time Never The Less Y'All
And That's Right Y'All, I Shed Light Y'All
I've Got No Time In My Life To Get Uptight Y'All
So What You Gonna Say That I Don't Know Already?
I'm Like Clyde And I'm Rockin' Steady
But Time Flies When You're Having Fun
So Mike D - That's Me - C'mon And Get Some M.I.K.E. To The D.
You Come And See Me And You Pay A Fee
Do What I Do Professionally
To Tell The Truth I Am Exactly What I Want To Be
Now Ad-Rock And M.C.A.
Let's Rock This Joint In The Old School Way Well I'm On 'Til The Crack Of Dawn
Mowing Down M.C.'s Like I'm Mowing A Lawn
I Go Off Like Nothing Can Phase Me
You Think We'll Ever Meet Stevie? One Of These Days, D.
But I Can Stand My Ground And I Am Down
To Wax An M.C. Who Acts Like A Clown
But For Now, I'd Like To Ask You How
You Like The Feel Of The Bass In Your Face In The Crowd I have never been more ready in my entire life
To do this right now, never
It's all been leading up to this moment
All right now, right here
My whole life, right here We got rhyme selections in a wide array
J'ai des bons bons pour vous mangez
The party people scream, "Oui, oui c'est vrai"
'Cause I got remote for my big day Hey, I'm A D R O C K
I use a microphone like Picasso used clay
Down with records from around the way
Peace to Bambatta and Jazzy Jay I rock on the mic from here to Bombay
I'll give it my best and say, "Come what may"
'Cause everybody's got their dues to pay
I'm lookin' sideways like my man Pele Gettin' old like Ali Boomba Yay
So fed up with racism today
It's time to speak up and not turn away
Make the sun shine when it's cloudy and gray Dip dip dive, so-so-socialize
Open up your ears and clean out your eyes
If you learn to love, you're in for a surprise
It could be nice to be alive I'm takin' doodie rhymes to a brand new height
I shine on the mic like Ultra Brite
Created a monster with these rhymes I write
Goatee metal rap, please say goodnight And here's a little something that you might not like
My DJ's name is Mix Master Mike
It's a real pity that you people gotta bite
But I can understand 'cause he sounds so nice Readin' in the news, 'cause I'm Country Mike
Use a microphone like Shazam use tights
Try to keep clear of that hate and spite
So I keep my mind still like the still of night Now who in the world do you want to fight?
It's against the system we should unite
Homophobics ain't alright
If you learn to love then you might love life Dip dip dive, so-so-socialize
Open up your ears and clean out your eyes
If you learn to love, you're in for a surprise
It could be nice to be alive Bring it back that old New York rap
Bring it back that old New York rap
Bring it back that old New York rap Now you can shuffle numbers but facts is facts
So many billionaires while so many lacks
So before the poor decide to react
Well, come on party people, share up your stacks Now, I'm a' break it down to the brass tacks
Do the Biz Mark dance and the Cabbage Patch
You tried to turn the key but then you broke the latch
Sneakin' through my files for some rhymes to snatch I'd like to have a say on the income tax
Don't wanna help build bombs and that's the facts
No money for health care, so what's the catch?
The man got you locked with no keys to the latch Mike and Adam have got my back
You bring the mic and we'll bring the raps
Turn on the P.A. and rock your shack
Don't smoke cheeba, can't stand crack Dip dip dive, so-so-socialize
Open up your ears and clean out your eyes
If you learn to love, you're in for a surprise
It could be nice to be alive Our evening bgan in Peter Sachelle's comfortable study in his New York Town house
Where the candlelight was just right
The hi-fi was in the background
And the wine was delicious. Whats the secret Peter?
Naturally, I'll say its the wine.
Hmmmm, it does go well with the chicken.
Delicicious again Peter. I'm rolling down the hill, snowballing, getting bigger
An explosion in the chamber, the hammer from the trigger
I seen him get stabbed, I watched the blood spill out
He had more cuts than my man Chuck Chillout 24 is my age, and 22 is my gauge
I'm writing rhymes on a page, I'm going off in a rage
Becuase I'm out on a mission, a stolen car mission
Had a small problem with the transmission Three on the tree in the middle of the night
I have this steak on my head 'cause I got into a fist fight
Life comes in phases, take the good with the bad
You bought those coins on the street, and you know you got had Because it's all high spirit, you know you gotta hear it
Don't touch the mic baby, don't come near it
It's gonna getchya, it's gonna getchya
It's gonna getchya, girl, it's gonna getchya Looking down the barrel of a gun
Son of a gun, son of a bitch
Getting paid, getting rich Ultra violence be running through my head
Cold Medina, y'all making me see red
Rapid fire Louie like Rambo got bullets
I'm gonna die harder like my kid Bruce Willis I love girlies, waxing and milking
Coordinating chicks is my man Dave Scilkin
Predetermined destiny is who I am
You got your finger on the trigger like the Son of Sam I am like Clockwork Orange going off on the town
I've got homeboys bonanza to beat your ass down
Well I'm mad at my desk, and I be writing all curse words
Expressing my aggressions through my schizophrenic verse words You're a headless chicken chasin' a sucker free basin
You're looking for a fist to put your face in
Get hip don't slip knuckle heads
Racism is schism on the serious tip [Instrumental] The Beastie Boys
They are they're comin' home
They're comin' home
Oh, they're comin' home To all their fans
They are they're comin' home
They're comin' home they're comin' home
Oh they're comin' home I've got the skills to pay the bills ya'll
I got the got the got the skills to pay the bills
I've got the skills to pay the bills Uhh what you got - I got the skills to pay the bills
I'm mike d and I'm bustin' out trap kits
The time has come so I'm going to rap this
You Rip Van Winkle now you're gonna wake up
MC's pick up a hobby that you're gonna take up
On the stage I'm known to break fool
But when I'm at the table it's the Futterman's rule
Workin' on my game cause it's time to tax
I'm on a crazy mission to wax Bob Mack shit
Up to the top, 'till the very last drop
I'm make you pay for the rhymes I take
I'm selling sex rhymes by the pound
You horny MC's I watch you getting around my...
My the skills to pay the bills I got the got the got the skills to pay the bills
I got the got the got the skills to pay the bills
I got the skills to pay the bills ya'll So it better pull through when it comes to me
Let it go down like it's supposed to be
Words together like birds in a flock
Agh yes rhymes on time like the hands on a clock
Well I'm an epileptic, a skept-a-cleptic
I'm cutting up the beats from the bear I clept it
I fucked around and then I lost my tooth
I'm telling everybody it's the goddamned truth
Like Dennis Coffey I'm a Scorpio
Like my man Schneider, I'm a super ho
Making mountains out of molehills and rockin' some mo' skills
Butt naked beats with butt naked fills I got the skills - what skills
To pay the bills
I got the skills - what skills
To pay the bills
I got the skills - what skills
To pay the bills
I got the skills to pay the bills ya'll A-wella wella wella wella welcome back
I don't sell bullets and I don't sell crack
Rub a little oil on my neck and back
Now listen baby doll we outta hit the sack
The original young aboriginal
Continued evolution of an individual well I'll tell ya
Got so many rhymes ya know my throat is sore
It's 1992 and still no one to vote for
Well like my words is what I'm seeing through my own eyes
A little vision of the truth in a world of lies
When it comes to coming off I like to get my fill
Well I got the skills I got the skills to pay the bills ya'll
I got the got the got the skills to pay the bills
Uhh what you got Mike - my skills to pay the bills
Agh yea, I got the skills to pay the bills ya'll Wooo, getta got gotta got gotta got some
We got the mack skills in 92 boy
Yea you know what I'm saying Skills... to pay the bills
Skills ya'll skills ya'll to pay the bills
What skills money money
What skills makin' makin' makin' money
What skills ya'll gotta pay the bills
Mario C he's paid the bills
Mike D you know I pay the bills
ADRock yea let's pay the bills... Oah-kayyyyy! You talk and talk and you just can't stop
But when it comes to mine - it's crock
What you say, is lackluster
I thrash emcees who try to bring a filibuster Yeah, right, get off me
Tell me somethin new to start with thee
Said see you later, when you comin home?
It's a gift, it's a curse, it's a telephone Now let's start over with a nice clean slate
Please stop stressin with the hurry up wait
Heard you the first time, that sounds great
But back up out my space, okay?
(Yeah yeah, right right) OKAY! Okay!
Okay!
Okay!
Okay!  Got the pink ribbon, so pretty
My name's Mike D from New York City
I guess it's all, in the mind
What, I, leave, behind Go to these schools like a nice mad professor
Then I show chagrin every word that you utter
Yes you said you are a big deal
But money calm down - for real! Got, to control my mind Get to slow down, rewind
What, is goin on in my head?
Was this guy on med?
(What is goin on in my head? Was that guy on meds?)
(What is goin on in my head? What is goin on in my head? Was that guy on meds?
(What is goin on in my head?)
What is goin on in my head? Was that guy on meds?
(What is goin on in my head?)
What is goin on in my head? Was that guy on meds?
(What is goin on in my head?) Now, I don't give a fuck who the hell you are
Please stop shoutin in your cellular
I never asked you for part of your day
So please stop shoutin in your phone, okay You loud like a cop
Take a look and take a look and then stop
Took a minute get your mind unlocked
Get the rhythm when I do the wop What's goin on in in my head?
And why has this guy gone all red?
Be kind, rewind
At least tell me what it is I did
Or just say what should I say
Hmmm... okay! (Yeah yeah, right, right) OKAY!
Okay!
Okay!
Okay!
Okay! Chinese eyes and Chinese suits
Smokin' much Buddha and smokin' much boots
More updated on the hip-hop lingo
My favorite New York Knick was Hawthorne Wingo
Met a girl at a party and I gave her my card
You know that it said Napoleon Bonaparte
Peepin' out the colors I be buggin' on Cezanne
They call me Mike D Joe Blow the Lover Man
Your face turns red as your glass of wine
You spilled on my lyrics as you wasted my time
Girl you should be with me you should drop that bum
Cause I got more flavor than Fruit Striped Gum
With that big round butt of yours
I'd like to butter your muffin I'm not bluffin'
Serve you on a platter like Thanksgiving stuffin' "One two three four"
"One two three four"
"One two three four"
Oh Wine Cooler Johnny Ryall is the bum on my stoop
I gave him fifty cents to buy some soup
He knows the time with the fresh Gucci watch
He's even more over than the mayor Ed Koch
Washing windows on the Bowery at a quarter to four
'Cause he ain't gonna' work on Maggie's farm no more
Livin' on borrowed time and borrowed money
Sleepin' on the street there ain't a damn thing funny
With the hand me down food and the hand me down clothes
A rockabilly past of which nobody knows
Makes his home all over the place
He goes to sleep by falling down on his face
Sometimes known as the leader of the homeless
Sometimes drunk and he's always phoneless
Sleepin' on the street in a cardboard box
Better off drinkin' than smokin' the rocks Well.
Johnny Ryall Johnny Ryall
Kickin' uptown Kickin' downtown Kickin' crosstown
Johnny Ryall Johnny Ryall He drinks where he lies He's covered with flies
He's got the hand me down Pumas and the tie dyes
Well You go upstate and get your head together
Thunderbird is the word and you're light as a feather
Detox at the flop house no booze allowed
Remember the good old days with the rockabilly crowd
Memphis is where he's from um in Tennessee
He lives in the street but he's no bum no
He's a rockabilly star from the days of old
He used to have teeth all filled with gold
He got a platinum voice but only gold records
On the bass was boots and on the drums was checkers
Luis Vuitton with the Gucci guitar Johnny Ryall
"Who do you think you are" Johnny Ryall Johnny Ryall
Takin' the night train Takin' the O.E.
Johnny Ryall Johnny Ryall "One two three four"
"One two three four"
"One two three four"
"One two three." Donald Trump and Donald Tramp living in the Men's Shelter
Wonder Bread bag shoes and singing Helter Skelter
He asks for a dollar you know what it's for
Man bottle after bottle he always needs more
He's no less important than you working class stiffs
He drinks a lot of liquor but he don't drink piss
He paid his dues playing the blues
He claims that he wrote the Blue Suede Shoes
Elvis shaved his head when he went into the army
"That's right y'all his name is"
Johnny - Kick it Johnny Ryall Johnny Ryall
Johnny Ryall Johnny Rya. Check the cooled wax Well it's 50 cups of coffee and you know it's on
I move the crowd to the break of break of dawn
Can't rock the house without the party people
'Cause when we're gettin' down we are all equal There's no better or worse between you and me
But I rock the mic so viciously I like pins and needles and words that sting
At the blink of an eye I will do my thing
It's like a needle in the cartridge when the record spins
I like a diggin' down deep in the record bins When everybody gettin' down make no mistake
Nothing sounds quite like an 8 0 8 Money makin' money money makin'
(Manhattan)
Super disco disco breakin' Money makin' money money makin'
(Manhattan)
Super disco disco breakin' Sometimes I like to brag
Sometimes I'm soft spoken
And when I'm in Holland I eat the pannenkoeken
The world is the the spice you bring the sauce
And you can kiss my ass you funky boss Now that you got what you want, you want more
Well I'll be with the hammer and the nail at your door Well with these funky beats I be goin' head huntin'
Shouts to my peeps let me know if you feel something
'Cause I can give you all you need
A little beat for the rhythm and some words to read Let me tell you now that's my favorite shit
And when I got a new rhyme I'll just say So, money makin' money money makin'
(Manhattan)
Super disco disco breakin' Money makin' money money makin'
(Manhattan)
Super disco disco breakin' It's Manhattan in the house
It's Manhattan in the house
Manhattan, Manhattan, Manhattan, Manhattan Some hoopin' and a hollerin')
Jeb. get away from the bar-b-que man
Don... get the hell away from that thing
Don's, give me a kiss
Won't you come and give me a kiss It's like a flag at half mast as frames click fast
Not a thing will last as past is past
Like stacks of thoughts that got played and worn
Used over and over till they were tired and torn I like a broken clock that can't tell time
Like a thick ass book that's filled with wack rhymes
Like a scorching blaze that burned the sand
I like a band that planned and planned and planned And flew down like a raven in the dark of night
And snatched up the worm helpless to fight
And brought it back to the nest
Singing microphone check One two, one two this is just a test
One two, one two this is just a test
One two, one two this is just a test It's like sand in one hand, you can't hold for long
I like scheming on a plan that goes all wrong
I like fudge and caramel they're not the same
And it's a shame all you talk is game You act like a diamond waiting to be set
In a gold ring, as if, I bet
As time goes by in this give and take
As long as I learn I will make mistakes Now what do I want? What do I need?
Why do I want it? What's in it for me?
It's the imagery of technology
Is what you get is what you see
Don't worry your mind, when you give it your best One two, one two this is just a test
One two, one two this is just a test
One two, one two this is just a test We're we're we're
We're the b-boys, we don't regret
There's nothing wrong with your TV set
We're a gettin loose
We couldn't be harder
Our beats are bigger and better and longer
Got real rock shit
You must admit
Not fake, not false, not counterfit
I can play the drums, I can play gituar
Not just b-boys, but real rock stars
Rock, rock, rock... When we borrow your shit, you better hit the deck
You'll walk the plank for your dis
Respect, respect, respect...
If you front on the Rock, best run and hide
If you got static, we'll take it outside
And you start to get dulled by the Beastie Boys
Use real rock beats, show off big toys
Like claps of thunder from the cumulus clouds
So we'll pump up the beat and make it real loud
Loud...
A, then scrach it... Heavy metal tension running through your blood
Too much rock step off the pud
Too much treble mid-range and bass
The beat's so hard it'll dick your face
You'll crush out hard rock hard beats
Hard rock cold rythms for fanitic freaks
Some people say this has been done
We're here, we're now
And the battles won Fists...
Fists of fury in an MC bout
Rock so hard it'll knock you out
The very first blow is a kick in the snout
The beat's so def that you better beware
When you're talkin' bass right in your face
The walls crumble down, destroying the place
The finishing touch is the bokasat-slam
The final blow is the five finger jam Some...
Sometimes I write rythms rather write rhymes
He writes his and I write mine
Rock 'n roll rythms are raunchy and rawkus
We're from Manhatten, you're from Secaucus
Mike D AdRock and MCA
Not before long I can hear you say
In a way these boys got juice
They're goin' off you know they love to get loose
Get loose, get loose...
Poose
Gettin' the Ad Ad AdRock MCA, Mike D. in the place to be
The Beastie Boys showin' up in toy
That's right
Uh, Uh
In the place to be
You know it, you know it
AdRock, uh uh
When the party gets loose
Slop one, slop one
And your goin' the boots Everybody gettin' trouble
LOV on the New York C.
Double R double R
Better off the by
Just takin' off the jile
Like I lost my style
Gonna' grab my rhyme
All the nigros the got style
Oh... "Ready one, you will do this four times with the left
four with the right then eight times with both, then repeat" Ah.clap your hands. Body movin' body movin'
A1 sound' sound so soothing
Body movin' body movin'
We be getting down and you know we're crush groovin' Now let me get some action from the back section
We need body rockin' not perfection
Let your back bone flip but don't slip a disc
And let your spine unwind just take a risk
I wanna' do the freak until the break of dawn
Tell me party people is that so wrong
The ship is docking inter-lockin
And up-rockin' electro-shocking
We're getting down computer action
Do the robotic satisfaction
Now all of y'all ah get off the wall
Have a ball and get involved with Body movin' body movin'
A1 sound' sound so soothing
Body movin' body movin'
We be getting down and you know we're crush groovin' "Stand erect, arms down. Swing left arm big same with the right" Flame on, I'm gone
I'm so sweet like a nice bon bon
Came out rapping when I was born
Mom said rock it 'til the break of dawn
Puttin bodies in motion 'cause I got the notion
Well like Roy Cormier with the coconut lotion
The sound of the music makin' you insane
You can't explain to people this type of mind frame
And like a bottle of Chateau Neuf Du Pap
I'm fine like wine when I start to rap
We need body rockin' not perfection
Let me get some action from the back section Body movin' body movin'
A1 sound' sound so soothing
Body movin' body movin'
We be getting down and you know we're crush groovin' "Left arm ready and one, and again, stand erect" Mike D huhaa with the master plan
I said ooh my my and thank you ma'am
And when I grab the mic you scream Ooh god damn
The creme de la creme is who I am
MCA where have you been
Packed like sardines in the tin.tin
So kick off your shoes and put on your swim fins
'Cause when it comes to quarries I'm known to swim
And Adrock light up the place
And if you pull my card you pull the ace
And if you ask me turn up the bass
And if you play defender I could be your hyper space so Body movin' body movin'
A1 sound' sound so soothing
Body movin' body movin'
We be getting down and you know we're crush groovin' "You will do eight hops on the left, eight on the right
Four left four right, two left, two right, the one each
Left right, left right. Start and land on the balls of the feet
Left foot, ready it's one two three four five" If you (if you), wanna know (wanna know)
The real deal about the three
Well lemme tell you we're triple trouble y'all
We're gonna bring you up to speed (check it out...) Cause I'm a specializer, rhyme reviser
ain't sellin out to advertisers
What you get is whatcha see
and you won't see me in the advertisin
See I like to party
not drink Bacardi cause I'm not lookin to throw up on nobody
Known for my spiel, a wheelie one wheel
this is like havin a delicious meal
Well movin the crowd, well that's a must
I got some words that apply to us
And that's Mesmerizin, tantalizin, captivatin, we're devastatin If you (if you), wanna know (wanna know)
The real deal about the three
Well lemme tell you we're triple trouble y'all
We're gonna bring you up to speed (check it out...) Here's one for the bleachers and the upper tier
versatile all temp-a-cheer
If you wanna drink call Mr. Belvedere
run this rap game like a brigadier
I got kicks on the one, seven and eleven
snares on the five and thirteen
Rhymes on time and that's the given
we're hot on the disco scene (check it, check it)
Slow down with I-me, got to stop stingein
source of the problem is at the origin
You've got lyrics that have got me cringein
you're like a fish-wife, quit your damn whingein If you (if you), wanna know (wanna know)
The real deal about the three
Well lemme tell you we're triple trouble y'all
We're gonna bring you up to speed (check it out...) BAM! Super-nature God damn, Cerrone on the microphone I am
Adrock a.k.a sharp cheddar, my rhymes are better
What the Helen of Troy is that?
Did I hear you say my rhymes is whack?
I'm beautiful you can't touch me, if you pick a rose
well you might just bleed
We're originators you can't feign, ignorance or pass the blame
Nuff rhymes coming out the brain
Nuff beats to drive you insane
Nuff moves to make your neck crane
Nuff skill to make the rhymes ingrain
Nuff heat to leave you in flames
Nuff style that you can't defame
You see I walk like Jabba The Hutt
with the style so new y'all be like what?
Turn the party out like a bon vivant
with the skill at will that I know you want
On a hot day with a iced latte, devious like Wile Coyote
Hot to trot-ay or maybe not-ay
cause little did they know there was a baby in her body
We're Mesmerizin, tantalizin, captivatin, devastatin If you (if you), wanna know (wanna know)
The real deal about the three
Well lemme tell you we're triple trouble y'all
We're gonna bring you up to speed (check it out...) Back on the scene for ya'll people's delight
You want peace for the people then ya say alright
'Cause George W's got nothing on me
We got to take the power from he
When I'm on the mic I feel good to go
Like a snow day for school with hot cocoa
So don't speak what I heard, just say what I know
And my zodiac sign is Scorpio
Look what the cat dragged in
The creme de la creme without the skin
So take a rest and mind your own biz And that's it that's all that's all there is Fresh... fresh... fresh... for you... for you... for you
That's fresh... fresh... fresh... for you... for you... for you One for Brooklyn, two for Manhattan
Let's go to work, get those hands clappin'
Make you bounce, rock, roll and skate
Don't underrate how I operate
It ain't what you say, it's what you mean
Intention leads to action, that is my theme
So pay attention now as I begin to recap
Puttin' words and ideas stacked back to back Some rhymes go flat, well mine go fizz
I got no time for the drama 'cause stress is for kids
'Cause when you're dead and buried well you got no biz And that's it that's all that's all there is Fresh... fresh... fresh... for you... for you... for you
That's fresh... fresh... fresh... for you... for you... for you Brand new The time and place for the mind is here and now
Keep the mind present less to worry about
But like the hammer to the nail hit the nail on the head
Well I don't shoot blanks and I don't shoot lead
Well I'm a freaky streaker like Winnie the Pooh
T-shirt and no pants and I dance the bugaloo
Like George Whipple on New York One
Got a hairy ass and that's no fun
I'm in the rhyme zone a different time zone
And on the microphone you know that I'm at home
It's time we looked past all our differences
An' that's it that's all that's all there is
Come on Fresh... fresh... fresh... for you... for you... for you
That's fresh... fresh... fresh... for you... for you... for you An' that's
Fresh... fresh... fresh... for you... for you... for you
That's fresh... fresh... fresh... for you... for you... for you Things get hectic quick
From the satellite dish to your joy stick
It's the night of the living cable box
Wires coming up from around the block Remote control to change the station
But that won't change your situation
Have you seen what I mean
I'm the little gnome that's in your dreams So I say this rhyme built by design
To take you beyond space and time
Said who is the man making diamonds out of coal
The man pushing buttons on remote control Remote control
Remote control Until your back's up against the wall
You never know yourself that much at all
So you've got to share your love with a friend
That's all that you've got left in the end Say, living in this city of pure confusion
People mislead by their own illusion
All this action, no satisfaction
We're all linked together like a chain reaction Play or fold, love is bold
What is the future that will unfold?
Some like it hot, others like it cold
But we all want to hold the remote control Remote control
Remote control
Remote control
Remote control Things get hectic quick
All of the sudden I'm in the thick
Too much drama all around
Distractions booming in sensuround Like a rainy day's Earth, it won't sit still
Sliding on down a hill
Sometimes life seems to stall
So never be ungrateful y'all So I got a little something for your pay per view
Like Don King I've got the crazy hairdo
We've got cameras on Mars on space patrol
Controlled on Earth by remote control In a world gone mad it's hard to think right
So much violence hate and spite
Murder going on all day and night
Due time we fight the non-violent fight Mirrors, smokescreens and lies
It's not the politicians but their actions I despise
You and Saddam should kick it like back in the day
With the cocaine and Courvoisier
But you build more bombs as you get more bold
As your mid-life crisis war unfolds
All you want to do is take control
Now put that axis of evil bullshit on hold
Citizen rule number 2080
Politicians are shady
So people watch your back 'cause I think they smoke crack
I don't doubt it look at how they act In a world gone mad it's hard to think right
So much violence hate and spite
Murder going on all day and night
Due time we fight the non-violent fight First the 'War On Terror' now war on Iraq
We're reaching a point where we can't turn back
Let's lose the guns and let's lose the bombs
And stop the corporate contributions that they're built upon
Well I'll be sleeping on your speeches 'til I start to snore
'Cause I won't carry guns for an oil war
As-Salamu alaikum, wa alaikum assalam
Peace to the Middle East peace to Islam
Now don't get us wrong 'cause we love America
But that's no reason to get hysterica
They're layin' on the syrup thick
We ain't waffles we ain't havin' it In a world gone mad it's hard to think right
So much violence hate and spite
Murder going on all day and night
Due time we fight the non-violent fight Now how many people must get killed?
For oil families pockets to get filled?
How many oil families get killed?
Not a damn one so what's the deal? It's time to lead the way and de-escalate
Lose the weapons of mass destruction and the hate
Say ooh ah what's the White House doin'?
Oh no! Say, what in tarnation have they got brewing?!?!
Well I'm not pro Bush and I'm not pro Saddam
We need these fools to remain calm
George Bush you're looking like Zoolander
Trying to play tough for the camera
What am I on crazy pills? We've got to stop it
Get your hand out my grandma's pocket
We need health care more than going to war
You think it's democracy they're fighting for? In a world gone mad it's hard to think right
So much violence hate and spite
Murder going on all day and night
Due time we fight the non-violent fight My DJ's got the cuts and the beats are on
We're comin with the lyrics and we're comin' strong
And the rhythm's on time to every word and rhyme
When it comes to keep it real I keep it really raw At the risk of sounding crass I would like to mention
That I'm well aware of your wack intentions
To usurp my prose you so and so
It's my primary bone of contention I tell you everybody I've had it
With all these people with static
I'll go insane if it don't rain
Sucker MC's are problematic I love it when you hit those switches
A curve ball's what my pitch is
So here we here we come like dum ditty dum
I keep all five boroughs in stitches The sound sounds sweeter through the echoplex
It'll spin you around and throw you in a hex
Until you feel no pain inside your brain
All your worries are soothed by the sound effects Read it in the Post and the Daily News
Listen everybody let's show improve
Don't let me begin about heroin
Living six feet deep just ain't the move We're giving you soul power
I like it sweet and sour
When it comes to rhymes and beat designs
I'm at the control tower Tell me what makes you so afraid
Of all those people you say you hate
Just give it one time for your mind
And let's try to negotiate Let's try to negotiate
Oh, let's try to negotiate Is the cup half empty or is the cup half full?
Does the sun rise at dawn or does the earth just spin along?
Or is it all perspective on how we see the world?
How many countless life forms are on a little ball that twirls? Are we intrinsically separate beings?
Or could we possibly be parts of the same thing?
Water feeds the plants and the sunshine makes them grow
So how can anyone be an island on their own? Does life make me happy or does it bring me down?
Do I have what I need or do I just want what's around?
Am I seeing truth or do I just see wool?
Well, is the cup half empty or is the cup half full? Yeah, ah yeah, ah yeah, this one's dedicated
To all the ladies in the front, the back
All the older ladies out there lookin' nice
You know who you are whoo I need you, boomin' granny
I said, "I want you, boomin' granny "
Boomin' granny, boomin' granny
Boomin' granny, good and plenty Well it might sound odd, it might sound corny
But here's some sex rhymes for those that are horny
For your boomin' granny with the boomin' system
Said, "I love ya won't leave ya so you got to listen" See I'm talkin' about the way that I'm feeling
You're so lovely lengthy and so appealing
A sassy sophisticated sexy lady
Well I'm 26 and you're 80 The clock is ticking, so you better not front
We can go downtown and we could smoke some blunt
Well you're a lovely girl, just like Bea Arthur
Just turn down the lights so we can go farther Boomin' granny, boomin' fanny
Boomin' granny, good and plenty Because I saw ya at the check out line
You dropped your coupons and you were looking fine
Sophisticated, and so mature
I couldn't really care if you're 50 or 74 Because I want ya and I need ya
Hey boomin' granny, you could be my teacher
And I could be your pet, bet
Listen old lady I'm gonna make ya sweat I know I'm younger and your much older
You look so nice on my Chevy Nova
I'm gonna take her to the low rider show, and flaunt ya
I gotta tell ya lady I said I want ya, boomin' granny
Because I need you boomin' granny
Boomin' granny, boomin' fanny
Boomin' granny, good and plenty 