Finished with my woman 'cause she couldn't help me with my mind.
People think I'm insane, because I am frowning all the time. All day long I think of things, but nothing seems to satisfy.
Think I'll lose my mind if I don't find something to pacify. Can you help me occupy my brain?
Oh yeah. I need someone to show me the things in life that I can't find.
I can't see the things that make true happiness, I must be blind. Make a joke, and I will sigh, and you will laugh, and I will cry.
Happiness I cannot feel, and love to me is so unreal. And so as you hear these words telling you now of my state.
I tell you to enjoy life, I wish I could, but it's too late. Generals gathered in their masses
Just like witches at black masses
Evil minds that plot destruction
Sorcerers of death's construction
In the fields the bodies burning
As the war machine keeps turning
Death and hatred to mankind
Poisoning their brainwashed minds
Oh lord yeah! Politicians hide themselves away
They only started the war
Why should they go out to fight?
They leave that role to the poor
Yeah! Time will tell on their power minds
Making war just for fun
Treating people just like pawns in chess
Wait 'til their judgement day comes
Yeah! Now in darkness world stops turning
Ashes where the bodies burning
No more war pigs have the power
Hand of God has struck the hour
Day of judgement, God is calling
On their knees the war pig's crawling
Begging mercy for their sins
Satan laughing spreads his wings
oh lord yeah! Oh yeah Some people say my love cannot be true
Please believe me, my love, and I'll show you
I will give you those things you thought unreal
The sun, the moon, the stars all bear my seal
Oh yeah Follow me now and you will not regret
Leaving the life you led before we met
You are the first to have this love of mine
Forever with me 'till the end of time
Your love for me has just got to be real
Before you know the way I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
Oh yeah Now I have you with me, under my power
Our love grows stronger now with every hour
Look into my eyes, you will see who I am
My name is Lucifer, please take my hand
Oh yeah Follow me now and you will not regret
Leaving the life you led before we met
You are the first to have this love of mine
Forever with me 'till the end of time
Your love for me has just got to be real
Before you know the way I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
Oh yeah Now I have you with me, under my power
Our love grows stronger now with every hour
Look into my eyes, you will see who I am
My name is Lucifer, please take my hand I feel unhappyI, I feel so sad
I've lost the best friend
That I ever had
She was my woman
I love her so
But it's too late now
I've let her go I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes We shared the years
We shared each day
In love together
We found a way
But soon the world
Had it's evil way
My heart was blinded
Love went astray I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes It took so long
To realize
And I can still hear
Her last goodbyes
Now all my days
Are filled with tears
Wish I could go back
And change these years
I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes Finished with my woman 'cause she couldn't help me with my mind.
People think I'm insane, because I am frowning all the time. All day long I think of things, but nothing seems to satisfy.
Think I'll lose my mind if I don't find something to pacify. Can you help me occupy my brain?
Oh yeah. I need someone to show me the things in life that I can't find.
I can't see the things that make true happiness, I must be blind. Make a joke, and I will sigh, and you will laugh, and I will cry.
Happiness I cannot feel, and love to me is so unreal. And so as you hear these words telling you now of my state.
I tell you to enjoy life, I wish I could, but it's too late. Generals gathered in their masses
Just like witches at black masses
Evil minds that plot destruction
Sorcerers of death's construction
In the fields the bodies burning
As the war machine keeps turning
Death and hatred to mankind
Poisoning their brainwashed minds
Oh lord yeah! Politicians hide themselves away
They only started the war
Why should they go out to fight?
They leave that role to the poor
Yeah! Time will tell on their power minds
Making war just for fun
Treating people just like pawns in chess
Wait 'til their judgement day comes
Yeah! Now in darkness world stops turning
Ashes where the bodies burning
No more war pigs have the power
Hand of God has struck the hour
Day of judgement, God is calling
On their knees the war pig's crawling
Begging mercy for their sins
Satan laughing spreads his wings
oh lord yeah! Oh yeah Some people say my love cannot be true
Please believe me, my love, and I'll show you
I will give you those things you thought unreal
The sun, the moon, the stars all bear my seal
Oh yeah Follow me now and you will not regret
Leaving the life you led before we met
You are the first to have this love of mine
Forever with me 'till the end of time
Your love for me has just got to be real
Before you know the way I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
Oh yeah Now I have you with me, under my power
Our love grows stronger now with every hour
Look into my eyes, you will see who I am
My name is Lucifer, please take my hand
Oh yeah Follow me now and you will not regret
Leaving the life you led before we met
You are the first to have this love of mine
Forever with me 'till the end of time
Your love for me has just got to be real
Before you know the way I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
Oh yeah Now I have you with me, under my power
Our love grows stronger now with every hour
Look into my eyes, you will see who I am
My name is Lucifer, please take my hand I feel unhappyI, I feel so sad
I've lost the best friend
That I ever had
She was my woman
I love her so
But it's too late now
I've let her go I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes We shared the years
We shared each day
In love together
We found a way
But soon the world
Had it's evil way
My heart was blinded
Love went astray I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes It took so long
To realize
And I can still hear
Her last goodbyes
Now all my days
Are filled with tears
Wish I could go back
And change these years
I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes My name it means nothing, my fortune is less
My future is shrouded in dark wilderness
Sunshine is far away, clouds linger on
Everything I posessed, now they are gone
They are gone
They are gone Oh, where can I go to and what can I do?
Nothing can please me, only thoughts are of you
You just left when I begged you to stay
I've not stopped crying since you went away
You went away
You went away The world is a lonely place, you're on your own
Guess I will go home, sit down and mourn
Crying and thinking is all that I do
Memories I have remind me of you
Of you
Of you What is this that stands before me?
Figure in black which points at me
Turn 'round quick and start to run
Find out I'm the chosen one
Oh, no Big black shape with eyes of fire
Telling people their desire
Satan sitting there he's smiling
Watches those flames get higher and higher
Oh, no, no, please God help me Is it the end my friend
Satan's coming 'round the bend
People running 'cause they're scared
The people better go and beware
No, no, please, no Mr. Crowley, what went down in your head
(Oh) Mr. Crowley, did you talk to the dead
Your lifestyle to me seems so tragic
With the thrill of it all
You fooled all the people with magic
(Yeah)You waited on Satan's call Mr. Charming, did you think you were pure
Mr. Alarming, in nocturnal rapport
Uncovering things that were sacred, manifest on this earth
(Oh)Conceived in the eye of a secret
Yeah, they scattered the afterbirth Solo Mr. Crowley, won't you ride my white horse?
Mr. Crowley, it's symbolic of course
Approaching a time that is classic
I hear that maidens call
Approaching a time that is drastic
Standing with their backs to the wall (Solo) Was it polemically sent?
I wanna know what you meant
I wanna know
I wanna know what you meant, yeah! Goin' home late last night
Suddenly I got a fright
Yeah I looked through a window and surprised what I saw
A fairy with boots and dancing with a dwarf
All right now! Yeah, fairies wear boots and you gotta believe me
Yeah I saw it, I saw it, I tell you no lies
Yeah fairies wear boots and you gotta believe me
I saw it, I saw it with my own two eyes
All right now! Yeah, fairies wear boots and you gotta believe me
Yeah I saw it, I saw it, I tell you no lies
Yeah fairies wear boots and you gotta believe me
I saw it, I saw it with my own two eyes
All right now! So I went to the doctor see what he could give me
He said son, son, you've gone too far
'Cause smokin' and trippin' is all that you do
Yeah! We sail through endless skies
stars shine like eyes
the black night sighs
The moon in silver trees
falls down in tears
light of the night
The earth, a purple blaze
of sapphire haze
in orbit always While down below the trees
bathed in cool breeze
silver starlight breaks down the night
And so we pass on by the crimson eye
of great god Mars
as we travel the uni Misty morning, clouds in the sky
Without warning, the wizard walks by
Casting his shadow, weaving his spell
Funny clothes, tinkling bell Never talking
Just keeps walking
Spreading his magic Evil power disappears
Demons worry when the wizard is near
He turns tears into joy
Everyone's happy when the wizard walks by Never talking
Just keeps walking
Spreading his magic Sun is shining, clouds have gone by
All the people give a happy sigh
He has passed by, giving his sign
Left all the people feeling so fine
Never talking
Just keeps walking
Spreading his magic Now the first day that I met you
I was looking in the sky
When the sun turned all a blur
And the thunderclouds rolled by The sea began to shiver
And the wind began to moan
It must've been a sign for me
To leave you well alone I was born without you, baby
But my feelings were a little bit too strong You never said you love me
And I don't believe you can
'Cause I saw you in a dream
And you were with another man You looked so cool and casual
And I tried to look the same
But now, I've got to love you
Tell me who am I to blame? I was born without you, baby
But my feelings were a little bit too strong Now the whole wide world is movin'
'Cause there's iron in my heart
I just can't keep from cryin'
'Cause you say we've got to part Sorrow grips my voice as I stand here all alone
And watch you slowly take away
A love I've never known I was born without you, baby
But my feelings were a little bit too strong
Just a little bit too strong Now the whole wide world is movin'
'Cause there's iron in my heart
I just can't keep from cryin'
'Cause say we've got to part
Sorrow grips my voice as I stand here all alone
And watch you slowly take away
A love I've never known
I was born without you, baby
But my feelings were a little bit too strong
Just a little bit too strong Revolution in their minds
the children start to march
Against the world in which they have to live
and all the hate that's in their hearts They're tired of being pushed around
and told just what to do
They'll fight the world until they've won and love comes flowing through Children of tomorrow live in
the tears that fall today
Will the sun rise up tomorrow bringing peace in any way?
Must the world live in the shadow
of atomic fear?
Can they win the fight for peace
or will they disappear?
So you children of the world
listen to what I say
If you want a better place to live in
spread the words today
Show the world that love is still alive
you must be brave
Or you children of today are
Children of the grave, Yeah! Well I'm leaving tomorrow at daybreak
Catch the fastest train around nine
Yes I'm leaving the sorrow and heartache
Before it takes me away from my mind
Send me love and I may let you see me
Send me hopes that can spin in my head
But if you really want me to answer
I can only let you know when I'm dead
When sadness fills my days
It's time to turn away
And then tomorrow's dreams
Become reality to me
So realize I'm much better without you
You're not the one and only thing in my heart
I'll just go back to pretending I'm living
So this time I'm gonna have to depart I want to reach out and touch the sky
I want to touch the sun but I don't need to fly
I'm gonna climb up every mountain of the moon
Find the dish that ran away with the spoon I've crossed the ocean, turned every bend
I found the plastic at the gold at rainbow's end
I've been through magic and through life's reality
I've lived a thousand years and it never bothered me Got no religion, don't need no friends
Got all I want and I don't need to pretend
Don't try to reach me, 'cause I'll tear up your mind
I've seen the future and I've left it behind What you get, and what you see.
Things that don't come easily.
Feeling happy in my pain.
Icicles within my brain. (Cocaine.) Something blowin' in my head.
Winds of ice that soon will spread
down to freeze my very soul.
Makes me happy, makes me cold. My eyes are blind, but I can see.
The snowflakes glisten on the trees.
The Sun no longer sets me free.
I feel the snowflakes freezing me. Let the winter sun shine on.
Let me feel the frost of dawn.
Fill my dreams with flakes of snow.
Soon I'll feel the chilling glow. Don't you think I know what I'm doing.
Don't tell me that it's doing me wrong.
You're the one that's really the loser.
This is where I feel I belong. Kiss the world with winter flowers.
Turn my days to frozen hours.
Lying snowblind in the sun.
Will my ice age ever come? Have you ever though about your soul can it be saved
Or perhaps you think that when you're dead
you just stay in your grave
Is God just a thought within your head
or is he a part of you?
Is Christ just a name that you read in a book
when you were at school? When you think about death do you lose your breath
or do you keep your cool?
Would you like to see the Pope on the end of a rope
do you think he's a fool?
Well I have seen the truth, yes I've seen the light
and I've changed my ways
And I'll be prepared when you're lonely and scared
at the end of our days Could it be you're afraid of what your friends might say
If they knew you believe in God above?
They should realize before they criticize
that God is the only way to love Is your mind so small that you have to fall
In with the pack wherever they run
Will you still sneer when death is near
And say they may as well worship the sun? I think it was true it was people like you that crucified Christ
I think it is sad the opinion you had was the only one voiced
Will you be so sure when your day is near, say you don't believe?
You had the chance but you turned it down, now you can't retrieve Perhaps you'll think before you say that God is dead and gone
Open your eyes
just realize that he's the one
The only one who can save you now from all this sin and hate
Or will you still jeer at all you hear?
Yes!
I think it's too late. Lost in the darkness
I fade from the light
Faith of my father, my brother, my maker and savior
Help me make it through the night Blood on my conscience
and murder in mind
Out of the gloom I rise up from my tomb into impending doom
Now my body is my shrine The blood runs free
The rain turns red
Give me the wine, you keep the bread
The voices echo in my head
is God alive or is God dead?
is God dead? Rivers of evil
Run through dying land
Swimming in sorrow, they kill, steal and borrow
There is no tomorrow
For the sinners will be damned
Ashes to ashes
You cannot exhume a soul
Who do you trust when corruption and lust, creed of all the unjust
Leaves you empty and unwhole When will this nightmare be over?
Tell me!
When can I empty my head?
Will someone tell me the answer?
Is God really dead?
Is God really dead? To safeguard my philosophy
Until my dying breath
I transfer from reality
Into a living dead
I empathize with enemies until the timing's right
With God and Satan at my side
From darkness will come light
I watch the rain as it turns red
Give me more wine I don't need bread These riddles that live in my head
I don't believe that God is dead!
God is dead? Nowhere to run
Nowhere to hide
Wondering if we will meet again on the other side
Do you believe a word
What the good book says
Or is it just a holy fairytale and God is dead?
God is dead!
God is dead!
God is dead!
God is dead!
Right!
But still the voices in my head
Are telling me that God is dead
The blood pours down
The rain turns red
I don't believe that God is dead
God is dead!
God is dead!
God is dead! It really was a meeting
The bottle took a beating
The ladies of the manor
Watched me climb into my car and I was
Going down the track about a hundred and five
They had the stopwatch rolling
I had the headlights blazing I was really alive
And yet my mind was blowing
I drank a bottle of tequila and I felt real good
I had the tape deck roaring
But on the twenty-fifth lap at the canal turn
I went off exploring
I knew I wouldn't make it the car just wouldn't make it
I was turning the tires burning
The ground was in my sky
I was laughing the bitch was trashed
And death was in my eye I had started pretty good and I was feeling my way
I had the wheels in motion
There was Peter and the Greenfly laughing like drains
Inebriation
The crowd was roaring I was at Brands Hatch
In my imagination
But at the canal turn I hit an oily patch
Inebriation Ooh Mr. Miracle, you saved me from some pain
I thank you Mr. Miracle, I won't get trashed again
Ooh, can you hear my lies
Don't you bother with this fool just laugh into my eyes So we went back to the bar and hit the bottle again
But there was no tequila
Then we started on the whiskey just to steady our brains
'Cause there was no tequila
And as we drank a little faster at the top of our hill
We began to roll
And as we got trashed we were laughing still
Oh bless my soul He's just a loner.
He never says hello.
A friend to no one.
He's got no place to go. He don't look happy.
He looks through furtive eyes.
He ain't got nothing.
No one to sympathize. He hides himself away.
His secrets not revealed.
As life just passes by
He keeps himself concealed. A solitary man.
An enigmatic child.
A riddle never solved.
A prisoner exiled. I wonder if the loner can assimilate.
A life less lived alone plays devil's advocate. Has he ever tried to be happy? Reached out from inside.
Someone on who he can depend.
It's getting too late to recover. He won't stand a chance
And into his own hell he'll descend.
Don't descend. No understanding
Of things we already know.
He has to live his life
And just learn how to let go. Communication's an impossibility.
His own best friend but he's his own worst enemy.
The secrets of his past locked deep inside his head.
I wonder if he will be happy when he's dead. Well, I don't want no Jesus freak to
Tell me what it's all about
No black magician telling me
To cut my soul out
Don't believe in violence
I don't even believe in me
I've opened the door
And my mind has been released Well I don't want no preacher
Telling me about the god in the sky
No I don't want no one to tell me
Where I'm gonna go when I die
I want to live my life, I don't want
People telling me what to do
I just believe in myself
'cause no one else is true Every day just comes and goes
Life is one big overdose
People try to ruin me
And I can't seem to eliminate them People riding their real pace
Keep on running their rat race
The ante is risen once a week
In their world of make-believe So believe what I tell you
It's the only way to fight in the end
Just believe what I tell you
You shouldn't have to pretend
So don't let those empty people
Try and interfere with your mind
Go and live your life
And leave them all behind Rocket engines burning fuel so fast
Up into the night sky they blast
Through the universe the engines whine
Could it be the end of man and time?
Back on earth the flame of life burns low
Everywhere is misery and woe
Pollution kills the air, the land and sea
Man prepares to meet his destiny, yeah Rocket engines burning fuel so fast
Up into the night sky so vast
Burning metal through the atmosphere
Earth remains in worry, hate and fear
With the hateful battles raging on
Rockets flying to the glowing sun
Through the empires of eternal void
Freedom from the final suicide, yeah Freedom fighters sent out to the sun
Escape from brainwashed minds and pollution
Leave the earth to all its sin and hate
Find another world where freedom waits, yeah Past the stars in fields of ancient void
Through the shields of darkness where they find
Love upon a land a world unknown
Where the sons of freedom make their home
Leave the earth to Satan and his slaves
Leave them to their future in the grave
Make a home where love is there to stay
Peace and happiness in every day, yeah Long ago I wandered through my mind
In the land of fairy tales and stories
Lost in happiness I had no fears
Innocence and love was all I knew
Was it illusion? Soon the days went passing into years
Happiness just didn't come so easy
Life was born of fairy tales and daydreams
Innocence was just another word
Was it illusion? Lost in the wheels of confusion
Running through furnace of tears
Eyes full of angered illusion
Hiding in every daydream So I found that life is just a game
But you know there's never been a winner
Try your hardest, just to be a loser
The world will still be turning when you're gone
Yeah when you're gone! The chapter is opened and the pages are turned
The writings say many things but who was concerned
Where can we run to now, when will we learn?
When it's lost, it's gone forever For years they told me what I should do
Down to the places I go and who I should talk to?
But that don't matter no more since I found out the truth
It feels good to me, yeah The world is turnin', forever turnin'
Forever yearnin' for the love of life
And you're wrong if you think that I'm afraid to love It feels good
It feels good to me
It feels good
It feels good to me I wonder, I wonder, does it not seem strange to you
Just how the tables have turned on me and you?
How long can we go on livin', livin' the way we do?
When it's lost, it's gone forever The world is turnin', forever turnin'
Forever yearnin' for the love of life
And you're wrong if you think that I'm afraid to love It feels good
It feels good to me
It feels good
It feels good to me It feels good
It feels good to me
It feels good
It feels good to me How long do we go on livin'?
Livin' the way we do, yeah It feels good
It feels good to me
It feels good
It feels good to me It feels good
It feels good to me
It feels good If I never saw another night
And I never saw another night
And I never saw another day
It still feel good to me Alright now!
Won't you listen? When I first met you, didn't realize
I can't forget you or your surprise
You introduced me to my mind
And left me wanting you and your kind.
Oh yeah I love you. Oh, you know it. My life was empty, forever on a down
Until you took me, showed me around
My life is free now, my life is clear
I love you sweet leaf though you can't hear
Oh yeah! Come on now - Try it out! Straight people don't know what you're about
They put you down and shut you out
You gave to me a new belief
And soon the world will love you sweet leaf
Oh yeah baby! Come on now! Oh yeah!
Try me out baby!
Alright! Oh yeah-ah!
I want you part of this sweet leaf!
Oh yeah!
Alright, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh try me out
I love you sweet leaf, oh, yeah! I've been gone a long long time, waiting for you
I din't want to see you go, oh, no, no
And now it's hurting so much, what can I do
I wanted you to be my wife The days are passing slowly, since you've gone
Your memories are all I have, yes I have
I sit here waiting but you'll never show
Without you I can't carry on, ooh my baby You said you'd always love me, all of my life
And then you said your last goodbye, yeah, goodbye
Why the sudden changes, why all of the lies
I should have seen it in your eyes The endless hours of heartache, waiting for you
My summer love has turned to rain, all the pain
The silent emptiness of one sided love
My life means nothing now you've gone, ooh my baby https://youtu.be/vRMG1YxDjsU A National Acrobat I am the world that hides
The universal secret of all time
Destruction of the empty spaces
Is my one and only crime
I've lived a thousand times
I found out what it means to be believed
The thoughts and images
The unborn child that never was conceived When little worlds collide
I'm trapped inside my embryonic cell
And flashing memories
Are cast into the never ending well
The name that scorns the face
The child that never sees the cause of man
The deathly darkness that
Belies the fate of those who never ran Well I know its hard for you
To know the reason why
And I know you'll understand
More when it's time to die
Don't believe the life you have
Will be the only one
You have to let your body sleep
To let your soul live on Love has given life to you
And now it's your concern
Unseen eyes of inner life
Will make your soul return
Still I look but not to touch
The seeds of life are sown
Curtain of the future falls
The secret stays unknown Just remember love is life
And hate is living death
Treat your life for what it's worth
And live for every breath
Looking back I've lived and learned
But now I'm wondering
Here I wait and only guess
What this next life will bring Instrumental You see life through distorted eyes
You know you have to learn
The execution of your mind
You really have to turn
The race is run, the book is read
The end begins to show
The truth is out, the lies are old
But you don't want to know Nobody will ever let you know
When you ask the reasons why
They just tell you that you're on your own
Fill your head all full of lies The people who have crippled you
You want to see them burn
The gates of life have closed on you
And there's just no return
You're wishing that the hands of doom
Could take your mind away
And you don't care if you don't see again
The light of day Nobody will ever let you know
When you ask the reasons why
They just tell you that you're on your own
Fill your head all full of lies
You bastards Where can you run to
What more can you do
No more tomorrow
Life is killing you
Dreams turn to nightmares
Heaven turns to hell
Burned out confusion
Nothing more to tell, yeah Everything around you
What's it coming to
God knows as your dog knows
Bog blast all of you
Sabbath, bloody sabbath
Nothing more to do
Living just for dying
Dying just for you, yeah Reflex in the sky
Warn you you're gonna die
Storm coming, you'd better hide
From the atomic tide Flashes in the sky
Turns houses into sties
Turns people into clay
Radiation minds decay Robot minds of robot slaves
Lead men to atomic graves
Plastic flowers, melt in sun
Fading moon falls upon Dying world of radiation
Victims of mad frustration
Burning glow by obscene fire
Like electric funeral pyre Buildings crashing down
To Earth's cracking ground
Rivers turn to wood
Eyes melt into blood Earth lies in deathbed
Clouds cry for the dead
Terrifying Rain
Ease the burning pain Electric funeral
Electric funeral
Electric funeral
Electric funeral And so in the sky
Shines the electric eye
Supernatural king
Takes earth under his wing
Heaven's golden sings
Hell's angels flap their wings
Evil souls fall to Hell
Ever trapped in burning cells Vision cupped within a flower
Deadly petals with strange power
Faces shine a deadly smile
Look upon you at your trial Chill and numbs from head to toe
Icy sun with frosty glow
Words that go read to your sorrow
Words that go read no tomorrow Feel your spirit rise with the breeze
Feel your body falling onto it's knees
Sleeping wall of remorse
Take your body to a corpse
Take your body to a corpse
Take your body to a corpse
Sleeping wall of remorse
Take your body to a corpse Now from darkness, there springs light
Wall of sleep is cool and bright
Wall of sleep is lying broken
Sun shines in, you have awoken Gather the wind
Though the wind won't help you fly at all
Your back's to the wall
Chain the sun
And it tears away to face you as you run
You run, you run Behind the smile
There's danger and a promise to be told
You'll never get old, ha
Life's fantasy
To be locked away and still to think you're free
You're free, we're free So live for today
Tomorrow never comes Die young, die young
Can't you see the writing in the air?
Die young, going to die young
Someone stopped the fall Gather the wind
Though the wind won't help you fly at all
Your back is to the wall
Then chain the sun
And it tears away to face you as you run
You run, you run So live for today
Tomorrow never comes Die young, young
Die young, die young
Die young, die young, young
Die young, die young, die young, die young, die young, die young, die young The way I feel is the way I am
I wish I'd walked before I started to run to you
Just to you What kind of people do you think we are?
Another joker who's a rock and roll star for you
Just for you The faithful image of another man
The endless ocean of emotion I swam for you
Yeah for you The shot troopers laying down on the floor
I wish they'd put an end to my running war with you
Yeah with you Are you metal, are you man?
You've changed in life since you began
Yeah began Ladies digging gold from you
Will they still dig now you're through
Yeah you're through You bought and sold me with your lying words
The voices in the deck that you never heard came through
Yeah came through Your folly finally got to spend with a gun
A poisoned father who has poisoned his son, that's you
Yeah that's you I beg you please don't let it get any worse
The anger I once had has turned to a curse on you
Yeah curse you All of the promises that never came true
You're gonna get what is coming to you, that's true
Ah, that's true Are you Satan, are you man?
You've changed in life since it began
It began Vultures sucking gold from you
Will they still suck now you're through (Cats, Rats) The search is on, so you just better run
And find yourself another way
Probably dead, they don't feel a thing
To keep them living for another day (Rats, Rat) You are nonentity, you have no destiny
You are a victim of a thing unknown
A mantle picture of a stolen soul
A fornication of your golden throne A smiling face, it means the world to me
So tired of sadness and of misery My life it started some time ago
Where it will end, I don't know
I thought I was so good
I thought I was fine
I feel my world is out of time But everything is gonna work out fine
If it don't I think I'll lose my mind I know, I know, I know, yeah yeah I know
Listen to me while I sing this song
You might just think the words are wrong
Too many people advising me
But they don't know what my eyes see But everything is gonna work out fine Oh no, here it comes again
Can't remember when we came so close to love before
Hold on, good things never last
Nothing's in the past, it always seems to come again
Again and again, again and again, again Cry out, to legions of the brave
Time again to save us from the jackals of the street
Ride out, protectors of the realm
Captain's at the helm, sail across the sea of lights Circles and rings, dragons and kings
Weaving a charm and a spell
Blessed by the night, holy and bright
Called by the toll of the bell
Bloodied angels fast descending
Moving on a never-bending light
Phantom figures free forever
Out of shadows, shining ever-bright Neon Knights
Neon Knights
All right Cry out, to legions of the brave
Time again to save us from the jackals of the street
Ride out, protectors of the realm
Captain's at the helm, sail across the sea of lights
Again and again, again and again and again
Neon Knights
Neon Knights
Neon Knights
All right Instrumental I hide myself inside the shadows of shame
The silent symphonies were playing their game
My body echoed to the dreams of my soul
It started something that I could not control
Where can I run to now? The joke is on me
No sympathizing 'cos it's insanity, yeah Why don't you just get out of my life, yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone, yeah? Obsessed with fantasy obsessed with my schemes
I meet reality with pseudo mock dreams
The ghost of violence was something I'd seen
I sold my soul to be the human obscene
How could this poison be the dream of my soul?
How did my fantasies take complete control, yeah? Why don't you just get out of my life, yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone, yeah? Well I feel something's taken me I don't know where
It's like a trip inside a separate night
The ghost of tomorrow from my favorite dream
Is telling me to leave it all behind
Feel him slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Got to get to happiness
Want no more of sorrow
How I lied, went to hide
How I tried to get away from you now
Am I right if I fight?
That I might just get away from you now
Sting me! Well I feel something's giving me the chance to return
It's giving me the chance of saving my soul
Beating the demigod, I'm fading away
I'm going backwards but I'm in control
Feel him slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Getting back to sanity, providence of sorrow
Was it wise to disguise
How I tried to get away from you now
Is there a way that I can pay
Or is it true I have to stay with you now? How I lied, went to hide
How I tried to get away from you now
Am I right if I fight?
That I might just get away from you now
Suck me! I'm really digging schizophrenia the best of the earth
I'll chase my soul in the fires of hell
Peace of mind eluded me, but now it's all mine
I simply try, but he wants me to fail
Feel him slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Now I've found my happiness, from the depths of sorrow
No more lies, I got wise
I despise the way I worshipped you, yeah
Now I'm free, can't you see
And now instead I won't be led by you now
Free! Instrumental Thank "kaykay" to provide the information. If there isn't light when no one sees
Then how can I know what you might believe
A story told that can't be real
Somehow must reflect the truth we feel, yeah Fade away, fade away, vanish into small
Fade away, fade away, break the crystal ball
Oh, it's the sign
Feels like the time On a small world west of wonder
Somewhere, nowhere, all
There's a rainbow that will shimmer
When the summer falls
If an echo doesn't answer
When it hears a certain sound
Then the beast is free to wander
But never is seen around Then it's the sign of the southern cross
It's the sign of the southern cross
All right
Sail away
To the sky From the book the word is spoken
Whispers from forgotten song
Gather all around the young ones
They will make us strong
Reach up above your dreams of pleasure
Give a life to those who die
Look beyond your own horizons
Sail the ship of sighs And it's the sign of the southern cross
It's the sign of the southern cross Fade away, fade away, break the crystal ball
Fade away, fade away, I can't accept it any more On a real world west of wonder
Somewhere, nowhere, all
There's a rainbow, see it shimmer
When the summer falls
From the book the word is spoken
Whispers from forgotten song
Gather all around the young ones
They will make us strong It's the sign of the southern cross
It's the sign of the southern cross Dont live for pleasure
Make life your treasure
Fade away Eight miles high, about to fall
And no one there to catch you
Look for the sign, the time
The sign of the southern cross
Play on I'm looking through a hole in the sky
I'm seeing nowhere through the eyes of a lie
I'm getting closer to the end of the line
I'm living easy where the sun doesn't shine I'm living in a room without any view
I'm living free because the rent's never due
The synonyms of all the things that I've said
Are just the riddles that are built in my head Hole in the sky, gateway to heaven
Window in time, through it I fly I've seen the stars disappear in the sun
The shooting's easy if you've got the right gun
And even though I'm sitting waiting for Mars
I don't believe there's any future in cars Hole in the sky, gateway to heaven
Window in time, through it I fly
Yeah
I've watched the dogs of war enjoying their feast
I've seen the western world go down in the east
The food of love became the greed of our time
But now I'm living on the profits of crime Oh it's night again
And the dark just killed the sun
If the light must end
You've got time to run away
There's a door to dreams
And it always lets you in
But with a silent scream
All the nightmares must begin Still you chase what you can't see
Like death and pain and sin
And the shadow of the wind
The shadow of the wind You'll remember me
I could make you disappear
Be where you want to be
Just as long as it's not here
Well I'm back and stronger
And the first one's always free
And it lasts much longer
You can bet your sanity Never more the victim cries
As I slip beneath the skin
Like the shadow of the wind
The shadow of the wind If words had names like red and green
And two for sympathy
Black and white and in between
Then you'd be misery
Every day is an inquisition
Who are you? What are you? Why?
I'm alive, I belong, I'll be back
It's a half truth, still a whole lie In the garden of good and evil
You'll know, but you know
The spider only spins
The shadow of the wind
The shadow of the wind Instrumental I am anger
Under pressure
Lost it cages
A prisoner
The first to escape I am wicked
I am legion
Strength in numbers
A lie
The number is one I - I - I
Everything that I see is for me Yes, I am giant
I'm a monster
Breaking windows
In houses
Buildings of glass
Rebel rebel
Holy outlaw
Ride together
Don't try it
The power's in one I - I - I
I am standing alone
But I can rock you
I - I - I On the edge of the blade
But the knife can't cut the hero down I am virgin
I'm a whore
Giving nothing
The taker
The maker of war
I'll smash your face in
But with a smile
All together
You'll never
Be stronger than me I - I - I
Right here on my own
But I still rock you
I - I - I
Don't follow behind
Just leave me on the outside I - I - I
I am standing alone
But I can shock you
I - I - I
On the edge of the blade
But no one makes the hero bleed
(No, no, no) I am hunger
Feed my head
All together
You'll never
Never make the hero bleed
(No, no, no) I hide myself inside the shadows of shame
The silent symphonies were playing their game
My body echoed to the dreams of my soul
This god is something that I could not control Where can I run to now?
The joke is on me
No sympathizing god is insanity, yeah
Why don't you just get out of my life, yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone, yeah? Obsessed with fantasy, possessed with my schemes
I mixed reality with pseudogod dreams
The ghost of violence was something I seen
I sold my soul to be the human obscene How could it poison me?
The dream of my soul
How did my fantasies take complete control, yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life, yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone, yeah? Well I feel something's taken me I don't know where
It's like a trip inside a separate mind
The ghost of tomorrow from my favorite dream
Is telling me to leave it all behind
Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Got to get to happiness, want no more of sorrow How I lied, went to hide
How I tried to get away from you now
Am I right if I fight?
That I might just get away from you now
Sting me! Well I feel something's giving me the chance to return
It's giving me the chance of saving my soul
Beating the demigod, I'm fading away
I'm going backwards but I'm in control
Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Getting back to sanity, providence of sorrow Was it wise to disguise
How I tried to get away from you now
Is there a way that I could pay
Or is it true I have to stay with you now? How I lied, went to hide
How I tried to get away from you now
Am I right if I fight?
That I might just get away from you now
Suck me! I'm really digging schizophrenia the best of the earth
I've seized my soul in the fires of hell
Peace of mind eluded me, but now it's all mine
I simply try, but he wants me to fail
Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Now I've found my happiness, providence of sorrow No more lies, I got wise
I despise the way I worshipped you yeah
Now I'm free, can't you see
And now instead I won't be led by you now
Free! Feel so good I feel so fine
Love that little lady always on my mind
She gives me lovin' every night and day
Never gonna leave her, never going away Someone to love me
You know she makes me feel alright
Someone who needs me
Love me every single night Feel so happy since I met that girl
When we're making love it's something out of this world
Feels so good to know that she's all mine
Going to love that woman till the end of time Someone to live for
Love me till the end of time
Makes me feel happy
Good to know that she's all mine Lovely lady make love all night long
Lovely lady never do me wrong
I don't wanna leave ya
I never wanna leave ya
Anymore no more Lovely lady, mystifying eyes
Lovely lady, she don't tell me no lies
I know I'll never leave ya
I'm never gonna leave ya
Anymore, I said no more
I said no more
No more, yeah
I said no more, no more
I said no more, no more
I said no more, ooh yeah Told you once about your friends and neighbors
They were always seeking but they'll never find it
It's alright, yes, it's alright Where to go and where to see
It's always been that way and it can never be
It's alright, yes, it's alright Give it all and ask for no return
And very soon you'll see and you'll begin to learn
That it's alright, yes, it's alright Oooooh...
It's alright, yes, it's alright Don't you know that it's so good for you
You can be making love and see it all go through
But it's alright, yes, it's alright So I told you once about your friends and neighbors
They were always seeking but they'll never find it
It's alright, yes, it's alright Oooooh...
(Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright...) Once upon a nightmare, once upon a time
You are running from temptation, you got lost and found
Yhat you don't belong to anybody, you're all the same
Just another number, cross it out whenever you don't behave Someone get the doctor, he knows what to do
Throw some bones and mumble, the devil's inside of you
It might be contagious, it might change the plan
Get back in your tiny boxes, even if you can't we say you can Join the congregation
Everybody's got to get in line
And we never justify
The choir sings a never ending lie When you thought you were free
You didn't need a reason, no reason to survive
As the big door closes and you're waiting for the nail
Somebody tell the world you're buried alive Once upon a nightmare, once upon a time
Running from tomorrow, you got lost and found
That another day has turned to ashes, been taken by the wind
Frozen seeds of sorrow never to begin Join the celebration
And everybody's got to get in line
And we never justify
The choir sings a never ending lie When you thought you were free
You did not need a reason, no reason to survive
As the big door closes and you're waiting for the nail
Somebody tell the world you're buried alive One more nightmare, just one more time
Join the congregation, everybody get in line
Celebration, the choir sings a lie
As you call the hammer falls
No one hears you cry I'm buried alive Fell in love with a country girl, morning sunshine
She was up from a nether world, just to bust another soul
Her eyes were an endless flame, holy lightning
Desire with a special name, made to snatch your soul away We sailed away on a crimson tide, gone forever
She left my heart on the other side, all to break it into bits
Her smile was a winter song, a Sabbath ending
Don't sleep or you'll find me gone, just an image in the air In dreams I think of you
I don't know what to do with myself
Time has let me down
She brings broken dreams, fallen stars
The endless search for where you are
Sail on, sail on
Sail on, sail on I fell in love with a country girl, morning sunshine
She was up from a nether world, just to bust another soul
Her eyes were an endless flame, unholy lady
Desire with a special name, made to snatch your soul away Don't sail away on the crimson tide
Don't leave your heart on the other side
Her eyes are an endless flame
Desire with a special name Don't ever fall in love
Don't give your heart away
No, never, never fall in love
With a country girl Say you don't love me, you'll burn
You can refuse, but you'll lose, it's by me
Say you don't want me, you'll learn
Nothing you do will be new 'cause I'm through Oh Call me a liar, you knew
You were a fool, but that's cool, it's all right
Call me the devil, it's true
Some can't accept but I crept inside you So if a stranger calls you
Don't let him whisper his name
'Cause it's voodoo Fade into shadow, you'll burn
Your fortune is free, I can see it's no good
Never look back, never turn
It's a question of time till you're mine and you learn So if a stranger sees you
Don't look in his eyes
'Cause he's voodoo Say you don't love me, you'll burn
You can refuse, but you'll lose, it's by me
Say you don't want me, you'll learn
Nothing you do will be new 'cause I'm through Voodoo Bring me your children, they'll burn
Never look back, never turn
Cry me a river, you'll learn
Voodoo Well I don't want no demon to tell me what it's all about
No black magician telling me to get my soul out
Don't believe in violence, I don't even believe in peace
I've opened the door and my mind has been released Well I don't want no preacher telling me about the god in the sky
No I don't want no one to tell me where I'm gonna go when I die
I wanna live my life with no people telling me what to do
I just believe in myself, 'cause no one else is true Every day just comes and goes
Life is one big overdose
People try to ruin me
And I can't seem to eliminate them People riding their real pace
Keep on running their rat race
The ante is risen once a week
In their world of make-believe So believe what I tell you, it's the only way to fight in the end
Just believe in yourself, you know you really shouldn't have to pretend
Don't let those empty people try and interfere with your mind
Just live your life and leave them all behind Witches gather at black masses
Bodies burning in red ashes
On the hill the church in ruin.
Is the scene of evil doings
It's a place for all black sinners
Watch them eating dead rats' inners.
I guess it's the same, whereever you may go
Oh lord yeah Carry banners which denounce the lord
See me rocking in my grave
See them anoint my head with dead rat's blood
See them stick the stake through me
Oh Don't hold me back cause I just gotta go
(Sat'n/They) got a hold of my soul now
Lords got my brain instinct with blood obscene
Look in my eyes I'm there enough
Yeah On the scene a priest appears
Sinners falling at his knees
Satan sends out funeral pyre
Casts the priest into the fire
It's the place for all bad sinners.
Watch them eating dead rats' inners
I guess it's the same, whereever you may go
Oh lord yeah Sorcerers of madness
selling me their time
Child of God sitting in the sun
Keeping peace of mind
Fictional seduction
On a black snow sky
Sadness kills the superman
Even fathers cry Of all the things I value most of all
I look inside myself
And see my world
And know that it is good You know that I should Superstitious centuries
Didn't time go slow
Separating sanity
Watching children grow
Synchronated undertaker
Spiral skies
Silver ships on plasmic oceans
In disguise Of all the things I value most in life
I see my memories
And feel their warmth
And know that they are good You know that I should Watching eyes of celluloid
Tell you how to live
Metophoric motories
Say give, give, give
Laughter giving, love is showing
me the way
Spiral building architect
I build, you pay Of all the things I value most of all
I look upon my Earth
And feel the warmth
And know that it is good You know that I should
You know that I should
You know that I should
You know that I should
You know that I should Red sun rising in the sky
Sleeping village, cockerels cry
Soft breeze blowing in the trees
Peace of mind, feel at ease Throw me a penny and I'll make you a dream
You find that life's not always what it seems, no, no
Then think of a rainbow and I'll make it come real
Roll me, I'm a never ending wheel I'll give you a star
So you know just where you are
Don't you know that I might be
Your wishing well
Your wishing well Look in the water, tell me what do you see
Reflections of the love you give to me
Love isn't money, it's not something you buy
So let me fill myself with tears you cry, and why? Time is a never ending journey
Love is a never ending smile
Give me a sign to build a dream on, dream on Dream on, dream on
Dream on, dream on Yeah, throw me a penny and I'll make you a dream
You find that life's not always what it seems, no, no
Love isn't money, it's not something you buy
Let me fill myself with tears you cry I'll give you a star
So you know just where you are
Some day, some way
You'll feel the things I say
Dream for a while
Of the things that make you smile
Don't you know
Don't you know
Oh you know
That I'm your wishing well
Your wishing well
Your wishing well
I wish you well
I'm your wishing well There's a place just south of Witches' Valley
Where they say the wind won't blow
And they only speak in whispers of her name
There's a lady they say who feeds the darkness
It eats right from her hand
With a crying shout she'll search you out
And freeze you where you stand Lady evil, evil
She's a magical, mystical woman
Lady evil, evil in my mind
She's queen of the night
All right In a place just south of Witches' Valley
Where they say the rain won't fall
Thunder cracks the sky, it makes it bleed, yeah
There's a lady they say who needs the darkness
She can't face the light
With an awful shout she'll find you out
And have you before the night Lady evil, evil
She's a magical, mystical woman
Lady evil, evil on my mind
She's the queen of the night So if you ever get to Witches' Valley
Don't dream or close your eyes
And never trust your shadow in the dark
'Cause there's a lady I know who takes your vision
And turns it all around
The things you see are what should be
Lost and never found Lady evil, evil
She's a magical, mystical woman
Lady evil, evil on my mind
She's the queen of the night Going to do you right
She's the queen of sin
Look out, she'll pull you in
Lady wonder What you gonna do
Time's caught up with you
Now you wait your turn
You know there's no return Take your written rules
You join the other fools
Turn to something new
Now it's killing you First it was the bomb
Vietnam napalm
Disillusioning
You push the needle in From life you escape
Reality's black drape
Colors in your mind
Satisfy your time Oh you, you know you must be blind
To do such things like this
To take the sweet that you don't know
You're giving Death a kiss
Poor little fool now Your mind is full of pleasure
Your body's looking ill
To you it's shallow leisure
So drop the acid pill
Don't stop to think now You're having a good time baby
But that won't last
Your mind's all full of things
You're living too fast
Go out, enjoy yourself
Don't bottle it in
You need someone to help you
Stick the needle in, yeah Now you know the scene
Your skin starts turning green
Your eyes no longer seeing
Life's reality Push the needle in
Face death's sickly grin
Holes are in your skin
Caused by deadly pin
Head starts spinning 'round
You fall down to the ground
Feel your body heave
Death hand starts to weave
It's too late to turn
You don't want to learn
Price of life you hide
Now you're gonna die How people look and people stare
Well I don't think that I even care
You rot your life away and what do they give?
You're only killing yourself to live
Killing Yourself To Live!
Killing Yourself To Live! Just take a look around you, what do you see?
Pain, suffering, and misery
It's not the way the world was planned
It's a pity you don't understand
Killing Yourself To Live!
Killing Yourself To Live! I'm telling you!
Believe in me!
Nobody else will tell you
Open your eyes!
And see the lies!
Oh yeah! Smoke it!
Get high! You think that I'm crazy and baby I know that it's true
Before that you know it I think that you'll go crazy too I don't know if I'm up or down
Well the black and whites are blue and brown
The colors in my life are all different somehow
Little boy blue's a big girl now So you think it's me who's strange
But you've never had to make the change
Never give your trust away
You'll end up in paying till your dying day Close the city and tell the people
That something's coming to call
Death and darkness are rushing forward
To take a bite from the wall, oh You've nothing to say
They're breaking away
If you listen to fools
The mob rules
The mob rules Kill the spirit and you'll be blinded
And the end is always the same
Play with fire you burn your fingers
And lose your hold of the flame, oh It's over, it's done
The end has begun
If you listen to fools
The mob rules You've nothing to say
Oh, they're breaking away
If you listen to fools Break the circle and stop the movement
The wheel is thrown to the ground
Just remember it might start rolling
And take you right back around You're all fools
The mob rules The horizon breaks, where a figure stands
Close your eyes and prey it's a vision of god's command CHORUS:
He's evil and mysterious, people fear his name
He's not here for deliverance, no
He's the lawmaker He never speaks, but his tasks we're told
To seek out souls of the sinner, he'll trade for gold CHORUS Silver mountains won't save you from hell
The prince of darkness inside you will dwell
Oh your weakness your past
The Lawmaker comes CHORUS He's the Lawmaker The midnight hour approaches
The killing chill takes over him
His victims will not know when he appears
The lust of death's possession
Will overtake his psycho mind
He won't be happy till he smells the fear He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(Looking for a victim wherever he can)
He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(He's a killer) Addicted to their madness
The taste of death that lives within
He loves it when he tastes their final breath
Stalking gives him pleasure
Killing is the final act
He takes no pity with his lust for death He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(Looking for a victim wherever he can)
He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(He's a killer) Playing in his twilight zone
He knows that he's the best
Creeping through the streets alone
Til he finds his victim's ex Killing gives him pleasure
Sleeping gives him pain
The only time he's feeling good
Is when he's killed and killed again When he's killed again, when he's killed again
When he's killed again, when he's killed again
When he's killed again, when he's killed again
Watch out He's the Angel of Death
Angel of Death
He's the Angel of Death
Angel of Death He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(Looking for a victim wherever he can)
He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(He's a killer) He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(Looking for a victim wherever he can)
He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(He's a killer) He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(Looking for a victim wherever he can)
He's the Angel of Death
(Psycho Man, Psycho Man)
Angel of Death
(He's a killer) Something about the way that you look on me
You watch every move, every word, every fantasy
Got no time for love, something on your mind
Got the face of an angel but the stare from a devil inside I got hell looking up, heaven looking down
People say the woman's got an evil eye
I got hell looking up, heaven's looking down
Free me from the woman with the evil eye I turn away but still I see your evil stare
Trapped inside my dreams, I know you're there
Thoughts of happiness you destroyed them all
First inside my head then inside my soul I got hell looking up, I got heaven looking down
People say the woman's got an evil eye
I got hell looking up, heaven looking down
Free me from the woman with the evil eye Evil eye
Evil eye
Evil eye Oh, here you are inside my head
Burnin' dreams, am I dead
I'm floating in space and time
These thoughts they can be blind I got hell looking up, heaven looking down
People say the woman's got an evil eye
I got hell looking up, heaven looking down
Free me from the power of the evil eye Evil eye
Evil, evil alright It's evil eye
It's evil eye
It's evil eye, yeah It's evil
It's evil
Yes, it's evil, yeah, yeah [Incomprehensible] The thrill of it all
inclination of direction, walk the turned and twisted rift
with the children of creation futuristic dreams we sift
clutching violently we whisper with a liquefying cry
any deadly final answers that are surely doomed to die
Won't you help me mr. jesus, won't you tell me if you can?
when you see this world we live in, do you still believe in man?
if my songs become my freedom, and my freedom turns to gold
then i'll ask the final question, if the answer could be sold
Well, that's my story and i'm sticking to it
'cause i've got no reason to lie, yeah
forget your problems that don't even exist
and i'll show you a way to get high, oh yeah
oh yeah!
So come along, you know you matter to me
remember freedom is not hard to find, yeah
time to stop all your messing around
don't you think that i know my own mind, oh yeah
oh yeah!
Why can't you believe, it's not here to perceive
do you always have to be told, yeah
for you have been taught that if your mind has been bought
life's entire answer was sold, oh yeah
oh yeah! Vision cupped within a flower
Deadly petals with strange power
Faces shine a deadly smile
Look upon you at your trial Chill and numbs from head to toe
Icy sun with frosty glow
Words that go read to your sorrow
Words that go read no tomorrow Feel your spirit rise with the breeze
Feel your body falling onto it's knees
Sleeping wall of remorse
Take your body to a corpse
Take your body to a corpse
Take your body to a corpse
Sleeping wall of remorse
Take your body to a corpse Now from darkness, there springs light
Wall of sleep is cool and bright
Wall of sleep is lying broken
Sun shines in, you have awoken Soon it's never more
When you've got to pay for
Promises made in the night
Call the magic one
And with the magic comes
Forever chained to the flame It's too late, too late for tears
Too late, no one hears you
Do you feel the touch of evil
It's too late To wish and make it so
To feel the power growing
Stronger blessed by the dark
And when the candle fades
You can say it was a joke you played
So you must let me go, no It's too late, you've said the word
Too late, something heard you
Too late, now the race is on
And you're run out of road
Too late for tears
Too late and no one hears you
Can you feel the touch of evil
It's too late Oh, oh, oh, save me
I believe in your name
Oh, oh, I've fallen down
But now I've found
Nobody to take the blame Misery
It's come to drag me away
And when the hunter cries
No alibis
Get ready for judgement day As the candle fades
You can say it was a game you made
So you must let me go, let me go It's too late, you've said the word
Too late, something heard you
Too late, the spell is gone
And this time you're the fool
It's too late for tears
Too late, no one hears you
Welcome to forever
Welcome it's too late
Too late Nightwing has stirred, and taken to flight
The silence is over, he's shattered the night
No other hunter has the power or the grace
He is the master of this place Tell every creature of the night
The kill is around the bend
So listen my friend
Nightwing flies again They say he comes for those whose souls are weak
and call his name upon the wind
The night is cold and thick with mystery
Oh I can feel his beating wings Tell every creature of the night
The kill is around the bend
Nightwing flies again Tell every creature of the night
The kill is around the bend
Nightwing flies again Nightwing has stirred, and taken to flight
The silence is over, he's shattered the night
Life ain't for giving and forgiving ain't free
No soul will rest while the hunted run free So tell every creature of the night
The kill is around the bend
listen my friend
Nightwing flies again One day in the life of the lonely
Another day on the roundabout
What do they need, somebody to love
One night in the life of the lonely
There's a miracle on the screen
What did they see, somebody to love He guarantees you instant glory
Get your money on the line Got to send me a plastic Jesus
There's a cheque in the mail today
That's what I need, somebody to love
We just won't eat on Sunday
Got to buy him a limousine
Somewhere to live, somewhere to pray Every penny from the people
Keeps the wolf outside the door
Shop around and find forgiveness for yourself
But he'll give you more, yeah Holy father, holy ghost
Who's the one who pays the most
Rock the cradle, don't you cry
Buy another lullaby
Jack is nimble, Jack is quick
Pick your pocket, turn a trick
Slow and steady, he's got time
To commit another TV crime, TV crime One day in the life of the lonely
Back again on the roundabout
What do they need, somebody to love, yeah
One night in the life of the lonely
Another miracle on the screen
What did they see, somebody to love again A supermarket of salvation
Take a look inside the store
Shop around and find forgiveness for yourself
But he gives more Holy father, holy ghost
Who's the one who hurt you most
Rock the cradle when you cry
Scream another lullaby
Jack be nimble, Jack be slick
Take the money, get out quick
Slow and steady, so much time
To commit another TV Crime, TV Crime Some people say my love cannot be true
please believe me, my love, and I'll show you
I will give you those things you thought unreal
The sun, the moon, the stars all bear my seal Oh yeah! Follow me now and you will not regret
leaving the life you led before we met
You are the first to have this love of mine
forever with me 'till the end of time Your love for me has just got to be real
before you know the way I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel Oh yeah! Now I have you with me, under my power
Our love grows stronger now with every hour
Look into my eyes, you will see who I am
my name is Lucifer, please take my hand Oh yeah! Follow me now and you will not regret
leaving the life you led before we met
You are the first to have this love of mine
forever with me 'till the end of time Your love for me has just got to be real
before you know the way I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel
I'm going to feel Oh yeah! Now I have you with me, under my power
Our love grows stronger now with every hour
Look into my eyes, you will see who I am
my name is Lucifer, please take my hand Take me to the river baby, drink my wine
When I'm going down won't you throw me a line?
Lead me to religion, take me up them stairs
When I take a tumble will you say me some prayers? When will you show me a sign?
When will you throw me a line? Help me to the answer baby set me free
I'm torn between the Devil and the deep blue sea
Maybe if you wanted you could save my face
Keep me out of trouble and I'm a living disgrace When will you show me a sign?
When will you throw me a line? Oh baby, call me on the hot line
Baby, call me on the hot line
The hot line's on fire Show me to a sucker and you'll see my name
Standing in a line with the shadows of fame
Lead me to a legend, take me up them stairs
When I take a tumble will you say me some prayers? When will you show me a sign?
When will you throw me a line? When will you show me a sign?
When will you throw me a line? Oh, call me on the hot line
Yeah, call me on the hot line
Oh, the hot line, baby Take me to the river baby, drink my wine
Take me to the river and drink my wine
Take me to the river, drink my wine
Take me, take me, take me, take me Take me to the hot line
Baby, take me to the hot line
Take me to the hotline
To hotline 