Boom boom boom boom
I wanna shoot you right down
Take you in my arms
I'm in love with you
A love that is true
Boom boom boom boom I need you right now
I mean right now
I don't mean tomorrow
I mean right now
Come on come on
I wanna give it up babe Shake it up babe
Come on and shake
Shake it up babe
Come on come on shake it up babe I like the way you walk
I like the way you talk
When you walk that walk
And you talk that talk
You knock me out
Right over my feet Shake it up babe
Come on and shake
Shake it up babe
Come on come on shake it up babe Boom boom boom boom
I wanna shoot you right down
Take you in my arms
I'm in love with you
A love that is true
Boom boom boom boom Put on my blue suede shoes and I boarded the plane
Touched down in the land of the Delta Blues
In the middle of the pouring rain
W.C. Handy, won't you look down over me?
Yeah, I got a first class ticket but I'm as blue as a boy can be Then I'm walking in Memphis
I was walking with my feet ten feet off of Beale
Walking in Memphis
But do I really feel the way I feel? Saw the ghost of Elvis on Union Avenue
Followed him up to the gates of Graceland
Then I watched him walk right through
Now security they did not see him They just hovered 'round his tomb
But there's a pretty little thing
Waiting for the King
Down in the Jungle Room Then I was walking in Memphis
I was walking with my feet ten feet off of Beale
Walking in Memphis
But do I really feel the way I feel? They've got catfish on the table, they've got gospel in the air
And Reverend Green, be glad to see you
When you haven't got a prayer?
But boy you've got a prayer in Memphis Now, Muriel plays piano every Friday at the Hollywood
And they brought me down to see her
And they asked me if I would do a little number And I sang with all my might
And she said, Tell me, are you a Christian child?"
And I said "Ma'am, I am tonight" Walking in Memphis
I was walking with my feet ten feet off of Beale
Walking in Memphis
But do I really feel the way I feel? Walking in Memphis
I was walking with my feet ten feet off of Beale
Walking in Memphis
But do I really feel the way I feel? Put on my blue suede shoes and I boarded the plane
Touched down in the land of the Delta blues
In the middle of the pouring rain Touched down in the land of the Delta blues
In the middle of the pouring rain In my dreams our love was lost.
I lived by luck and faith.
I carried you inside of me, prayed it wouldn't be too late.
Now i'm standing on this empty road, where nothing moves but the wind.
And honey I just wanna be Back in your arms, back in your arms again.
Back in your arms, back in your arms again Oh once I was your treasure, and I saw your face in every star.
But these promises we make at night, oh that's all they are.
Unless we fill them with faith and love they're empty as a howlin' wind.
And honey I just wanna be Back in your arms, back in your arms again..
Back in your arms, back in your arms again.
Back in your arms, back in your arms again. You came to me with love and kindness, but all my life I've been a prisoner of my own blindness.
I met you with indifference, and I don't know why. Now I wake from my dream, I wake from my dream to this world.
Where all the shadow and darkness and above me a dark sky unfurls.
And all the love I've thrown away and lost, I'm longing for again.
Now darling I just wanna be Back in your arms, back in your arms again.
Back in your arms, back in your arms again.
Back in your arms, back in your arms again.
Back in your arms I am native american Ho ka hey wah nah (steven and bruce)
Ho ka hey wah nah woh
Ho ka hey wah nah
Ho ka hey wah nah woh
Ho ka hey wah nah
Ho ka hey wah nah woh (editors note: the above is war cry of the lakota(sioux) meaning
"let's go - now") Life was forever when we were young (steven)
The land was protected for everyone (bruce)
Forever as long as the rivers run (both)
But now the water no longer comes (steven) And now all that remains (both)
Is darkness a poisoned earth
And now before it's too late
We must provide our own new birth Chorus:
I am native american
I am native american The question of honor you must decide (bruce)
The soul of the nation has been denied (steven)
Our dreams have been stolen before our eyes (both)
How do you say there's no tomorrow to a child? (bruce) >from us there is much to learn (both)
There is so much you've forgotten
You can't change me
Try and understand I am proud of who I am Chorus:
I am native american
I am native american We must try and remember what we're here for (steven)
You will suffer the darkness alone no more (bruce)
You will have the strength of all of us
Gathered here today (both)
That is something they can never take away (bruce) Chorus:
I am native american
I am native american Ho ka hey wah nah (steven and bruce)
Ho ka hey wah nah woh Repeat 7 more times til fade Verse 1:
I worked hard, baby, night and day
The things I had somebody took away
They took away everything I earned
But there's one lesson that'a I have learned Chorus:
You got to hold on, little girl, to what you've got (4x) Verse 2:
I been pushed and I been knocked down
But I picked myself right back up off the ground
And baby there's one thing that I have found
Fighting's the only way's to stand your ground Chorus:
You got to hold on, little girl, to what you've got (4x) Bridge:
I've been used, I've been abused
I've had, baby, my regrets
I've been lost, I paid the cost
But there's one thing I ain't gonna forget Verse 3:
I've heard some hard lines, I've seen some cryin' times
Bad luck and trouble they been friends of mine
Got to stand straight and stare right at your face (fate? )
And play it hard before it's too late Chorus:
You got to hold on, little girl, to what you've got (8x) Sleepy town ain't got the guts to budge
Baby this emptiness has already been judged
I wanna go out tonight, I wanna find out what I got
You're a strange part of me you're a preacher's girl
And I don't want no piece of this mechanical world
Got my arms open wide and my blood is running hot We'll take the midnight road right to the devil's door
And even the white angels of eden with their flaming swords
Won't be able to stop us from hitting town in this dirty old ford
Well it don't take no nerve when you got nothing to guard
I got tombstone in my eyes and I'm running real hard
My baby was a lover and the world just blew her away Once they tried to steal my heart, beat it right out of my head
Well baby they didn't know that I was born dead
I am the iceman, fighting for the right to live
I say better than the glory roads of heaven
Better off riding hell-bound in the dirt
Better than bright line of the freeway
Better than the shadows of your daddy's church
Better than the waiting
Baby better off is the search Here she comes, walking down the street
You know she's walking just like she's walking to come and see
Oh she's so young
And she's so fine
I know what's on your mind, know what you want to do
But if you mess with her, I'm gonna mess with you
You better watch your step, you better stay in line This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, this little girl, this little girl is mine
Oh oh this little girl is mine
This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, this little girl, this little girl is mine Well if the world were mine to do with what I want to do, sir
Well I'd wrap it up in a bow and giver it all to her
Yeah and all of my love, all of the time
You know I'd hold her tight, I'd never let her go
And late at night you know I'd love her so
Yeah I'd treat her right, so she'd never mind
That This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, this little girl, this little girl is mine Hey ! you better watch out
I'm telling you the score
Or you're gonna be sweeping your broken heart up off the floor
Oh and that ain't all
I'm telling you my friend I know what's on your mind, know what you wanna do
But if you mess with her, I'm gonna mess with you
You like the way she moves, you like to watch her walk
You better listen up, 'cause man this ain't just talk
You better watch your step, you better stay in line This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, this little girl, this little girl is mine
Oh oh this little girl is mine
This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, this little girl, this little girl is mine This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, this little girl, this little girl is mine
Oh oh this little girl is mine
This little girl is mine, oh oh
This little girl is mine, this little girl, this little girl is mine 