So far away
Doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?
It would be so fine to see your face at my door
Doesn't help to know you're just time away Long ago, I reached for you and there you stood
Holding you again could only do me good
How I wish I could
But you're so far away One more song about movin' along the highway
Can't say much of anything that's new
If I could only work this life out my way
I'd rather spend it bein' close to you But, you're so far away
Doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?
It would be so fine to see your face at my door
Doesn't help to know, you're so far away Yeah, you're so far away
Travelin' around sure gets me down and lonely
Nothin' else to do but close my mind I sure hope the road don't come to own me
There's so many dreams I've yet to find
But you're so far away
Doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?
It would be so fine to see your face at my door
And it doesn't help to know you're so far away
Yeah, you're so far away
Hey, you're so faaaaaar away Stayed in bed all mornin' just to pass the time
There's something wrong here there can be no denyin'
One of us is changin' or maybe we've just stopped tryin'
And it's too late baby now it's too late
Though we really did try to make it
Something inside has died and I can't hide it and I just can't fake it
Oh, no-no-no-no
(no-no-no-no) It used to be so easy livin' here with you
You were light and breezy and I knew just what to do
Now you look so unhappy and I feel like a fool
And it's too late baby now it's too late
Though we really did try to make it
(we can't make it)
Something inside has died and I can't hide it and I just can't fake it
Oh, no-no
Do-do-do-do-do
(la-la-la-la-la)
There'll be good times again for me and you
But we just can't stay together don't you feel it too?
Still I'm glad for what we had and how I once loved you
But it's too late baby now it's too late
Though we really did try to make it
(we can't make it now)
Something inside has died and I can't hide it and I just can't fake it
Oh, no-no-no-no-no
It's too late
Baby
It's too late
Now darlin'
It's too l-a-t-e... When you're down and troubled and you need a helping hand*
And nothing, whoa, nothing is going right.
Close your eyes and think of me and soon I will be there
To brighten up even your darkest nights.
You just call out my name, and you know where ever I am
I'll come running to see you again.
Winter, spring, summer, or fall, all you have to do is call and I'll be there, yeah, yeah,
You've got a friend.
If the sky above you should turn dark and full of clouds
And that old north wind should begin to blow,
Keep your head together and call my name out loud.
Soon I will be knocking upon your door.
You just call out my name, and you know where ever I am
I'll come running to see you again.
Winter, spring, summer, or fall, all you have to do is call and I'll be there.
Hey, ain't it good to know that you've got a friend? People can be so cold.
They'll hurt you and desert you. Well, they'll take your soul if you let them,
oh yeah, but don't you let them.
You just call out my name, and you know where ever I am
I'll come running to see you again.
Winter, spring, summer, or fall, all you have to do is call, Lord, I'll be there, yeah, yeah,
you've got a friend. You've got a friend.
Ain't it good to know you've got a friend. Ain't it good to know you've got a friend.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you've got a friend. You've got to get up every morning With a smile on your face
And show the world all the love in your heart
The people gonna treat you better
You're gonna find, yes you will
That you're beautiful as you feel Waiting at the station with a workday wind a-blowing
I've got nothing to do but watch the passers-by
Mirrored in their faces I see frustration growing
And they don't see it showing, why do I? You've got to get up every morning With a smile on your face
And show the world all the love in your heart
The people gonna treat you better
You're gonna find, yes you will
That you're beautiful as you feel I have often asked myself for reason for sadness
In a world where tears are just a lullabye
If there's any answer, maybe love can end the madness
Maybe not, oh, but we can only try You've got to get up every morning With a smile in your face
And show the world all the love in your heart
The people gonna treat you better
You're gonna find, yes you will
That you're beautiful as you feel So far away
Doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?
It would be so fine to see your face at my door
Doesn't help to know you're just time away Long ago, I reached for you and there you stood
Holding you again could only do me good
How I wish I could
But you're so far away One more song about movin' along the highway
Can't say much of anything that's new
If I could only work this life out my way
I'd rather spend it bein' close to you But, you're so far away
Doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?
It would be so fine to see your face at my door
Doesn't help to know, you're so far away Yeah, you're so far away
Travelin' around sure gets me down and lonely
Nothin' else to do but close my mind I sure hope the road don't come to own me
There's so many dreams I've yet to find
But you're so far away
Doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?
It would be so fine to see your face at my door
And it doesn't help to know you're so far away
Yeah, you're so far away
Hey, you're so faaaaaar away Stayed in bed all mornin' just to pass the time
There's something wrong here there can be no denyin'
One of us is changin' or maybe we've just stopped tryin'
And it's too late baby now it's too late
Though we really did try to make it
Something inside has died and I can't hide it and I just can't fake it
Oh, no-no-no-no
(no-no-no-no) It used to be so easy livin' here with you
You were light and breezy and I knew just what to do
Now you look so unhappy and I feel like a fool
And it's too late baby now it's too late
Though we really did try to make it
(we can't make it)
Something inside has died and I can't hide it and I just can't fake it
Oh, no-no
Do-do-do-do-do
(la-la-la-la-la)
There'll be good times again for me and you
But we just can't stay together don't you feel it too?
Still I'm glad for what we had and how I once loved you
But it's too late baby now it's too late
Though we really did try to make it
(we can't make it now)
Something inside has died and I can't hide it and I just can't fake it
Oh, no-no-no-no-no
It's too late
Baby
It's too late
Now darlin'
It's too l-a-t-e... When you're down and troubled and you need a helping hand*
And nothing, whoa, nothing is going right.
Close your eyes and think of me and soon I will be there
To brighten up even your darkest nights.
You just call out my name, and you know where ever I am
I'll come running to see you again.
Winter, spring, summer, or fall, all you have to do is call and I'll be there, yeah, yeah,
You've got a friend.
If the sky above you should turn dark and full of clouds
And that old north wind should begin to blow,
Keep your head together and call my name out loud.
Soon I will be knocking upon your door.
You just call out my name, and you know where ever I am
I'll come running to see you again.
Winter, spring, summer, or fall, all you have to do is call and I'll be there.
Hey, ain't it good to know that you've got a friend? People can be so cold.
They'll hurt you and desert you. Well, they'll take your soul if you let them,
oh yeah, but don't you let them.
You just call out my name, and you know where ever I am
I'll come running to see you again.
Winter, spring, summer, or fall, all you have to do is call, Lord, I'll be there, yeah, yeah,
you've got a friend. You've got a friend.
Ain't it good to know you've got a friend. Ain't it good to know you've got a friend.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you've got a friend. You've got to get up every morning With a smile on your face
And show the world all the love in your heart
The people gonna treat you better
You're gonna find, yes you will
That you're beautiful as you feel Waiting at the station with a workday wind a-blowing
I've got nothing to do but watch the passers-by
Mirrored in their faces I see frustration growing
And they don't see it showing, why do I? You've got to get up every morning With a smile on your face
And show the world all the love in your heart
The people gonna treat you better
You're gonna find, yes you will
That you're beautiful as you feel I have often asked myself for reason for sadness
In a world where tears are just a lullabye
If there's any answer, maybe love can end the madness
Maybe not, oh, but we can only try You've got to get up every morning With a smile in your face
And show the world all the love in your heart
The people gonna treat you better
You're gonna find, yes you will
That you're beautiful as you feel Lift me, won't you lift me above the old routine;
Make it nice, play it clean jazzman. When the jazzman's testifyin' a faithless man believes
he can sing you into paradise or bring you to your knees.
It's a gospel kind of feelin', a touch of Georgia slide,
a song of pure revival and a style that's sanctified. Jazzman take my blues away; make my pain
the same as yours with every change you play.
Jazzman, oh jazzman. When the jazzman's signifyin', and the band is windin' low.
It's the late night side of morning in the darkness of his soul.
He can fill a room with sadness as he fills his horn with tears.
He can cry like a fallen angel when risin' time is near. Jazzman take my blues away; make my pain
the same as yours with every change you play.
Oh lift me, won't you lift me with ev'ry turn around.
Play it sweetly, take me down, oh jazzman. My life has been a tapestry
Of rich and royal hue;
An everlasting vision
Of the ever-changing view;
A wond'rous woven magic
In bits of blue and gold;
A tapestry to feel and see;
Impossible to hold. Once amid the soft silver
Sadness in the sky,
There came a man of fortune;
A drifter passing by.
He wore a torn and tattered cloth
Around his leathered hide
And a coat of many colors;
Yellow, green, on either side. He moved with some uncertainty
As if he didn't know
Just what he was there for
Or where he ought to go.
Once he reached for something
Golden hanging from a tree
And his hand came down emp-ty. Soon within my tapestry,
Along the rutted road,
He sat down on a river rock
And turned into a toad.
It seemed that he had fallen
Into someone's wicked spell
And I wept to see him suffer,
Though I didn't know him well. As I watched in sorrow,
There suddenly appeared
A figure gray and ghostly
Beneath a flowing beard.
In times of deepest darkness
I've seen him dressed in black.
Now my tapestry's unraveling;
He's come to take me back.
He's come to take me back. Child Of Mine
by Gerry Goffin & Carole King Although you see the world different than me,
sometimes I can touch upon the wonders that you see.
And all the new colors and pictures you've designed,
oh yes sweet darling so glad you are a child of mine. Child of mine, child of mine, oh yes sweet darling
so glad you are a child of mine. You don't need directions, you know which way to go,
and I don't want to hold you back I just want to watch you grow.
You're the one who taught me you don't have to look behind.
Oh yes sweet darling, so glad you are a child of mine.
Child of mine child of mine, oh yes sweet darling
so glad you are a child of mine. Nobody's gonna kill your dreams
or tell you how to live your life.
There'll always be people who make it hard for a while,
but you'll change their heads when they see you smile. The times you were born in may not have been the best,
but you can make the times to come better than the rest.
I know you will be honest if you can't always be kind,
oh yes sweet darling, so glad you are a child of mine. Wanting you the way I do
I only want to be with you
And I would go to the ends of the earth
'Cause, darling, to me that's what you're worth Where you lead, I will follow
Anywhere that you tell me to
If you need, you need me to be with you
I will follow where you lead If you're out on the road
Feeling lonely and so cold
All you have to do is call my name
And I'll be there on the next train Where you lead, I will follow
Anywhere that you tell me to
If you need, you need me to be with you
I will follow where you lead I always wanted a real home
with flowers on the window sill
But if you want to live in New York City, honey, you know I will
I never thought I could get satisfaction from just one man
But, if anyone could keep me happy, you're the one who can And where you lead, I will follow
Anywhere that you tell me to
If you need, you need me to be with you
I will follow where you lead A candle's burning in my window
And it's burning just for you
I had some big plans for tomorrow
But you had something else to do
You came to me right out of nowhere
You gave me shelter in your eyes
And though you let the walls come caving in
When the cold wind blew
I can't stop thinking about you You let me walk into your dream world
You gave me things I couldn't steal
And in the wee hours of the morning
I still believe the dream was real
Why did you show me all your colors
When you knew that I was blind
Still I keep looking for the reasons
That'll see me through
I can't stop thinking about you I can't stop thinking about you
I can't stop thinking about you The night is dark, indeed
Ah, but I can't hide
There are voices in my house
But nobody's inside
I'll hit the town tonight
But even if I do
The party lights won't shine tonight
'Cause I can't stop thinking about you January
In January it's so nice
While slipping on the sliding ice
To sip hot chicken soup with rice
Sipping once, sipping twice
Sipping chicken soup with rice February
In February it will be
My snowman's anniversary
With cake for him and soup for me!
Happy once, happy twice
Happy chicken soup with rice March
In March the wind blows down the door
And spills my soup upon the floor
It laps it up and roars for more
Blowing once, blowing twice
Blowing chicken soup with rice April
In April I will go away
To far off Spain or old Bombay
And dream about hot soup all day
Oh, my, oh, once, oh, my, oh, twice
Oh, my, oh, chicken soup with rice May
In May I truly think it best
To be a robin lightly dressed
Concocting soup inside my nest
Mix it once, mix it twice
Mix that chicken soup with rice June
In June I saw a charming group
Of roses all begin to droop
I pepped them up with chicken soup!
Sprinkle once, sprinkle twice
Sprinkle chicken soup with rice July
In July I'll take a peep
Into the cool and fishy deep
Where chicken soup is selling cheap
Selling once, selling twice
Selling chicken soup with rice August
In August it will be so hot
I will become a cooking pot
Cooking soup of course-why not?
Cooking once, cooking twice
Cooking chicken soup with rice September
In September, for a while (In September, for a while)
I will ride a crocodile (I will ride a crocodile)
Down the chicken soup-y Nile
Paddle once, paddle twice
Paddle chicken soup with rice October
In October I'll be host
To witches, goblins and a ghost
I'll serve them chicken soup on toast
Whoopy once, whoopy twice
Whoopy chicken soup with rice November
In November's gusty gale I will flop my flippy tail
And spout hot soup-I'll be a whale!
Spouting once, spouting twice
Spouting chicken soup with rice December
In December I will be
A baubled, bangled Christmas tree
With soup bowls draped all over me
Merry once, merry twice
Merry chicken soup with rice I told you once, I told you twice
All seasons of the year are nice
For eating chicken soup with rice
(Chicken soup, chicken soup with rice!) I feel the earth move
Under my feet.
I feel the sky tumblin' down.
I feel my heart start
To tremblin' whenever you're around. Ooh, baby, when I see your face,
Mellow as the month of may,
Oh, darlin', I can't stand it
When you look at me that way. Hey, I feel the earth move
Under my feet.
I feel the sky tumblin' down.
I feel my heart start to tremble
whenever you're around. Ooh, darlin', when you're near me
And you tenderly call my name,
I know that my emotions
Are somethin' I just can't tame.
I just got to have ya, baby.
Uh, uh, uh.
Uh, uh, uh, yeah. I feel the earth move
Under my feet.
I feel the sky tumblin' down, a-tumblin' down.
I feel the earth move
Under my feet.
I feel the sky tumblin' down, a-tumblin' down. I just a-lose control
Down to my very soul.
I get hot and cold
All over, all over, all over, all over. I feel the earth move
Under my feet.
I feel the sky tumblin' down, a-tumblin' down.
I feel the earth move
Under my feet.
I feel the sky tumblin' down, a-tumblin' down,
A-tumblin' down, a-tumblin' down,
A-tumblin' down, a-tumblin' down,
Tumblin' down. Wanting you the way I do
I only wanna be with you
And I would go to the ends of the earth
Cause darling to me that's what you're worth Where you lead
I will follow
Anywhere, that you tell me to
If you need, you need me to be with you
I will follow
Where you lead If you're out on the road
Feeling lonely and so cold
All you have to do is call my name
And I'll be there
On the next train Where you lead
I will follow
Anywhere, that you tell me to
If you need, you need me to be with you
I will follow
Where you lead I always wanted a real home
With flowers on the windowsill
But if you wanna live in New York City
Honey, you know I will
(yes I will, yes I will) I never thought I could get satisfaction
From just one man
But if anyone could keep me happy
You're the one who can Where you lead
I will follow
Anywhere, that you tell me to
If you need, you need me to be with you
I will follow
Where you lead Where you lead
I will follow
Anywhere, that you tell me to
If you need, you need me to be with you
I will follow
Where you lead Oh baby, oh, I'm gonna follow where you lead
I'm gonna follow where you lead
(I'm gonna follow where you lead) Oh baby, oh, I'm gonna follow where you lead
I'm gonna follow where you lead
(I'm gonna follow where you lead) Oh baby, oh, I'm gonna follow where you lead
I'm gonna follow where you lead
(I'm gonna follow where you lead) Oh baby, oh, I'm gonna follow where you lead
I'm gonna follow where you lead
(I'm gonna follow where you lead) Looking out on the morning rain
I used to feel uninspired
And when I knew I had to face another day
Lord, it made me feel so tired
Before the day I met you, life was so unkind
But your love was the key to my peace of mind 'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel
Like a natural woman And when my soul was in the lost-and-found
You came along to claim it
I didn't know just what was wrong with me
'Til your kiss helped me name it Now I'm no longer doubtful
Of what I'm living for
'Cause if I make you happy I don't need to do more You make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel
Like a natural woman Oh baby what you've done to me (what you've done to me)
You make me feel so good inside (good inside)
And I just wanna be (wanna be)
Close to you you make me feel so alive You make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel
Like a natural, natural woman You make me feel
You know you make me feel
You make me feel
Like a natural woman You know you
You make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel
Like a natural woman Natural woman Prologue:
There was once a boy named Pierre
Who only would say, I don't care!
Read his story, my friend, for you'll find
At the end that a suitable
Moral lies there (Chapter I) One day his mother said
When Pierre climbed out of bed
-Good morning, darling boy, you are my only joy
Pierre said-I don't care!
-What would you like to eat?
-I don't care!
-Some lovely cream of wheat?
-I don't care!
-Don't sit backwards in your chair
-I don't care!
-Or pour syrup on your hair
-I don't care!
-You are acting like a clown
-I don't care!
-And we have to go to town
-I don't care!
-Don't you want to come, my dear?
-I don't care!
-Would you rather stay right here?
-I don't care!
So his mother left him there (Chapter II) His father said-Get off your head
Or I will march you up to bed!
Pierre said-I don't care!
-I would think that you could see--
-I don't care!
-Your head is where your feet should be!
-I don't care!
-If you keep standing upside down--
-I don't care!
-We'll never get to town
-I don't care!
-If only you would say, I care
-I don't care!
-I'd let you fold the folding chair
-I don't care!
So his parents left him there
They didn't take him anywhere (Chapter III) Now as the night began to fall
A hungry lion paid a call
He looked Pierre right in the eye
And asked him if he'd like to die
Pierre said-I don't care!
-I can eat you, don't you see?
-I don't care!
-And you will be inside of me
-I don't care!
-Then you will never have to bother--
-I don't care!
-With a mother and a father
-I don't care!
-Is that all you have to say?
-I don't care!
-Then I'll eat you, if I may
-I don't care!
So the lion ate Pierre (Chapter IV) Arriving home at six o'clock
His parents had a dreadful shock!
They found the lion sick in bed and cried
-Pierre is surely dead!
They pulled the lion by the hair
They hit him with the folding chair
His mother asked-Where is Pierre?
The lion answered-I don't care!
His father said-Pierre's in there! (Chapter V) They rushed the lion into town
The doctor shook him up and down
And when the lion gave a roar
Pierre fell out upon the floor
He rubbed his eyes and scratched his head
And laughed because he wasn't dead
His mother cried and held him tight
His father asked-Are you allright?
Pierre said-I am feeling fine
Please take me home, it's half past nine The lion said-If you would care
To climb on me, I'll take you there
Then everyone looked at Pierre
Who shouted-Yes, indeed, I care!
The lion took them home to rest
And stayed on as a weekend guest
The moral of Pierre is: CARE! Funny how I feel more myself with you
Than anybody else that I ever knew
I hear it in your voice, see it in your face
You've become a memory I can't erase You could have been anyone at all
A stranger falling out of the blue
I'm so glad it was you It wasn't in the plan, not that I could see
Suddenly a miracle came to me
Safe within your arms I can say what's true
Nothing in the world I would keep from you You could have been anyone at all
An old friend calling out of the blue
I'm so glad it was you Words can hurt you if you let them
People say them and forget them
Words can promise
Words can lie
But your words make me feel like I can fly You could have been anyone at all
And that's what catches me when I fall
I'm so glad it was you You could have been anyone at all
An old friend falling out of the blue
I'm so glad it was you Anyone at all
You could have been anyone at all
I'm so glad it was you When this old world starts getting me down
And people are just too much for me to face
I climb way up to the top of the stairs
And all my cares just drift right into space On the roof, it's peaceful as can be
And there the world below can't bother me Let me tell you now, when I come home feelin' tired and beat
I go up where the air is fresh and sweet
(Up on the roof)
I get away from the hustling crowds
And all that rat race noise down in the street
(Up on the roof) On the roof's, the only place I know
Where you just have to wish to make it so
Oh, let's go up on the roof At night the stars put on a show for free
And darling, you can share it all with me I keep a-telling you, right smack dad in the middle of town
I found a paradise that's trouble proof
(Up on the roof)
So if this world starts getting you down
There's room enough for two up on the roof
(Up on the roof) Up on the roof, everything is alright
Up on the roof, oh, come on baby
I just wanna be with you, baby
Up on the roof, up on the roof Everything is alright, everything is alright
Everything is alright, up on the roof When you're down and troubled
And you need some love and care
And nothing, nothing is going right
Close your eyes and think of me
And soon I will be there
To brighten up even your darkest night
You just call out my name
And you know wherever I am
I'll come running
To see you again
Winter, spring, summer, or fall
All you have to do is call
And I'll be there
You've got a friend
If the sky above you
Grows dark and full of clouds
And that old north wind begins to blow
Keep your head together
And call my name out loud
Soon, you'll hear me knocking at your door
You just call out my name
And you know wherever I am
I'll come running, running, yeah, yeah
To see you again
Winter, spring, summer, or fall
All you have to do is call
And I'll be there, yes I will
Now ain't it good to know that you've got a friend
When people can be so cold?
They'll hurt you, yes and desert you
And take your soul if you let them
Oh, but don't you let them
You just call out my name
And you know wherever I am
I'll come running, running, yeah, yeah
To see you again
Winter, spring, summer, or fall
All you have to do is call
And I'll be there, yes I will
You've got a friend
You've got a friend
Ain't it good to know you've got a friend
Ain't it good to know
Ain't it good to know
Ain't it good to know
You've got a friend
Oh yeah, now
Well you've got a friend, yeah baby
Well you've got a friend, oh yeah
You've got a friend LOVE FOR THE LAST TIME
by Carole King Seems funny now to think of how I call you up
to talk about all the little things
that were in my mind
You were a friend,
you listened to all I dreamed of
I wanted a real love,
the good old fashioned kind. It was you all along
You who kept me strong.
I wonder how I could've been so blind
You kissed me like a lover,
loved me like a friend
And I'm in love for the last time. I got burned,seems like everybody does,by romance
Still I yearn and though I didn't know just what it was,
I got a second chance. Just think of it,
If we had missed the moment,
we might have spent the years ahead
believing love had passed
I found a love to last a lifetime
I'm in love for the last time,
and time will make it last. It was you all along,
You who kept me strong
I don't know how I could've been so blind.
You kissed me like a lover,
loved me like a friend
And I'm in love for the last time It was you all along
you who kept me strong... Now and Forever
You are a part of me
And the memory cuts like a knife
Didn't we find the ecstasy
Didn't we share the daylight
When you walked into my life
Now and forever I will remember
All the promises still unbroken
And think about all the words between us
That never needed to be spoken We had a moment
Just one moment
That will last beyond a dream, beyond a lifetime
We are the lucky ones
Some people never get to do
All we got to do
Now and forever
I will always think of you Didn't we come together
Didn't we live together
Didn't we cry together
Didn't we play together
Didn't we love together
And together we lit up the world I miss the tears
I miss the laughter
I miss the day we met and all that followed after
Sometimes I wish I could always be with you
The way we used to do
ooooo
Now and forever
I will always think of you
Now and forever
I will always be with you I think I'm goin' back
To the things I learned so well in my youth
I think I'm returning to
Those days when i was young enough to know the truth Now there are no games to only pass the time
No more electric trains, no more trees to climb
Thinking young and growing older is no sin
And I can play the game of life to win I can recall a time
When I wasn't ashamed to reach out to a friend
Now I think I've got
A lot more than just my toys to lend Now there's more to do than watch my sailboat glide
But every day can be my magic carpet ride
A little bit of courage is all we lack
So catch me if you can, I'm goin' back A little bit of courage is all we lack
So catch me if you can, I'm goin' back Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose
And sometimes the blues get a hold of you
Ah, just when you thought you had made it
All around the block people will talk
But I want to give it all that I got
I just don't want, I don't want to waste it Talking 'bout-a sweet seasons on my mind
Sure does appeal to me
You know we can get there easily
Just like a sailboat sailing on the sea Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose
And most times you choose between the two
Ah, wondering, wondering if you have made it
But I'll have some kids and make my plans
And I'll watch the seasons running away
And I'll build me a life in the open, a life in the country I'm talking 'bout-a sweet seasons on my mind
Sure does appeal to me
You know we can get there easily
Just like a sailboat a-sailing on the sea Talkin' 'bout-a sweet seasons
Talkin' 'bout-a sweet, sweet, sweet seasons
Talkin' 'bout-a sweet seasons
Talkin' 'bout-a sweet seasons All you have to do is touch my hand
To show me you understand
And something happens to me
That's some kind of wonderful Anytime my little world is blue
I just have to look at you
And everything seems to be
Some kind of wonderful I know I can't express
This feeling of tenderness
There's so much I want to say
But the right words just don't come my way I just know when I'm in your embrace
This world is a happy place
And something happens to me
That's some kind of wonderful Some kind of wonderful
(Sweet lips)
Some kind of wonderful
Wonderful, wonderful
(Warm eyes)
(Soft sighs)
Some kind of wonderful Some kind of wonderful
(Sweet lips)
Some kind of wonderful
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful
(Warm eyes)
Some kind of wonderful
(Soft sighs) Tonight you're mine, completely
You give your love so sweetly
Tonight the light of love is in your eyes
But will you love me tomorrow? Is this a lasting treasure
Or just a moment's pleasure?
Can I believe the magic in your sighs
Will you still love me tomorrow? Tonight with words unspoken
You say that I'm the only one
But will my heart be broken
When the night meets the morning sun? I'd like to know that your love
Is love I can be sure of
So tell me now and I won't ask again
Will you still love me tomorrow?
Will you still love me tomorrow? Now, Smackwater Jack,
He bought a shotgun
'Cause he was in the mood
For a little confrontation.
He just a-let it all hang loose;
He didn't think about the noose.
He couldn't take no more abuse
So he shot down the congregation. You can't talk to a man
With a shotgun in his hand. Now, Big Jim the chief
Stood for law and order.
He called for the guard to come
And surround the border.
Now, from his bulldog mouth,
As he led the posse south,
Came the cry, "We got to ride
To clean up the streets
For our wives and our daughters!" You can't talk to a man
When he don't wanna understand.
No, no, no, no, no. The account of the capture
Wasn't in the papers,
But you know, they hanged ol' Smack right then
Instead of later.
You know, the people were quite pleased
'Cause the outlaw had been seized
And on the whole, it was a very good year
For the undertaker. You know, you know, you can't talk to a man
With a shotgun in his hand.
A shotgun in his hand.
Smackwater Jack bought a shotgun.
Yeah, Smackwater Jack bought a shotgun.
Oh, Smackwater Jack, yeah.
Talkin' 'bout Smackwater Jack, yeah.
Talkin' 'bout a-Smackwater Jack, now.
Talkin' 'bout Smack.
Talkin' 'bout Jack.
Smackwater Jack, yeah. CAHINS
by Gerry Goffin & Carole King Chains, my baby's got me locked up in chains
And they ain't the kind that you can see
Woh these chains of love got a hold on me yeah Chains, well I can't break away from these chains
Can't run around 'cause I'm not free
Woh these chains of love won't let me be Now believe me when I tell you
I think you're fine, I'd like to hold you
But I can't break away from all of these chains My baby's got me locked up in chains
And they ain't the kind that you can see
Woh these chains of love got a hold on me yeah I wanna tell you pretty baby
Your lips look sweet, I'd like to kiss them
But I can't break away from all these chains My baby's got me locked up in chains
And they ain't the kind that you can see
Woh these chains of love got a hold on me yeah My baby's got me locked up in chains
And they ain't the kind that you can see
Woh these chains of love got a hold on me yeah Chains
Chains of love
Chains of love
Oh these chains of love gotta hold on me Something in the way she moves, or looks my way, or calls my name*
That seems to leave this troubled world behind.
And if I'm feeling down and blue or troubled by some foolish game,
She always seems to make me change my mind.
And I feel fine anytime she's around me now, she's around me now almost about all the time.
And if I'm well you can tell she's been with me now.
She's been with me now quite a long, long time and I feel fine.
Every now and then the things I lean on lose their meaning
And I find myself careening in places where I should not let me go.
She has the power to go where no one else can find me and to silently remind me
of the happiness and the good times that I know, and then I just got to go then.
It isn't what she's got to say but how she thinks and where she's been.
To me, the words are nice, the way they sound.
I like to hear them best that way, it doesn't much matter what they mean.
She says them mostly just to calm me down
And I feel fine anytime she's around me now, she's around me now almost about all the time.
And if I'm well you can tell she's been with me now.
She's been with me now quite a long, long time and I feel fine. I'd like to know you better
There's so much about you I can see
There's a love as good as gold in you I can feel it when I'm holding you
I want ot be your friend, your lover
Your friend, your lover I'd like to know you better
Being with you feel so good to me
In a world of distraught humanity
You have brought me to my sanity How lucky we are
We seem to get along so well
Whether or not we'll stay that way
It's much to early to tell But I'd like to know you better
Though I already feel as if I do
Meeting you has been so good for me And if only temporarily
I want ot be your friend, your lover
Your friend, your lover Whether or not we'll stay that way
It's much to early to tell I'd like to know you better
Though I already feel as if I do
Meeting you has been so good for me And if only temporarily
I want to be your friend, your lover
Yes, I'd like to know you better I'd like to know you better
I'd like to know you better Sometimes I wonder if I'm
Ever gonna make it home again.
It's so far and out of sight.
I really need someone to talk to
And nobody else
Knows how to comfort me tonight. Snow is cold; Rain is wet.
Chills my soul right to the marrow. I won't be happy 'til I see
You alone again.
'Til I'm home again and feelin' right. Snow is cold; Rain is wet.
Chills my soul right to the marrow. I won't be happy 'til I see
You alone again.
'Til I'm home again and feelin' right.
'Til I'm home again and feelin' right.
I wanna be home again and feelin' right. - written by Carole King and Gerry Goffin
- #5 hit for The Chiffons in 1963
- #12 for Carole King in 1980 One fine day, you'll look at me
And you will know our love was, meant to be
One fine day, you're gonna want me for your girl The arms I long for, will open wide
And you'll be proud to have me, right by your side
One fine day, you're gonna want me for your girl Though I know you're the kind of boy
Who only wants to run around
I'll keep waiting, and, someday darling
You'll come to me when you want to settle down,
Oh! One fine day, we'll meet once more
And then you'll want the love you threw away before
One fine day, you're gonna want me for your girl (BARITONE SAX SOLO) One fine day, you're gonna want me for your girl I go through the motions of being with people
When deep in my soul, I want to be where you are
I know we speak every night
But words only go so far, I know It feels like an ocean of time we're apart
I know that I've said it before
But this time when I come home
I will stay with you
This time's the last time that I'm gonna go Just close your eyes and imagine me home again
It isn't so far away
Soon I'll be back, and you'll never be alone again
This time I mean to stay I promise you this time I'll do whatever it takes
To stay right by your side
I would do anything, I would give you everything
'cause you are everything to me But until then
Gotta keep our emotions under control
It won't be easy to do
'cause all I want to do is kiss you, touch you,
hold you, love you, promise, I promise
I promise you, I'll stay with you, but 'til then Just close your eyes, and imagine me home again
I mean every word I say
Soon I'll be back, and you'll never be alone again
This time I mean to stay Just close your eyes, and imagine me home again
Soon I will be on my way (never gonna go)
This time I mean it, you'll never be alone again
This time I mean to stay Green fields and rolling hills
Room enough to do what we will
Sweet dreams of yestertime
Are running though my mind
Of a place I left behind Been so long, I can't remember when
I've been to Canaan
And I want to go back again
Been so long, I'm living till then
'Cause I've been to Canaan and I
I won't rest until, I go back again Though I'm content with myself
Sometimes I long to be somewhere else
I try to do what I can
But with our day to day demands
We all need a promised land And it's been so long, I can't remember when
I've been to Canaan
And I want to go back again
Been so long, I'm living till then
'Cause I've been to Canaan and I
I won't rest until, I go back again Oh I want to be there
In the wintertime
With a fireplace burning
To warm me
And you to hold me when it's stormy Been so long, I can't remember when
But I've been to Canaan
And I want to go back again
Been so long, I'm living till then
I've been to Canaan and I
I won't rest until, I go back again
I've been to Canaan and I
I won't rest until, I go back again Happy Birthday
Celebrate your day in style
Happy Birthday
Tonight I want to see you smile
Your whole life is in front of you, you've only just begun
So Happy Birthday
The best is yet to come Happy Birthday to you
The good things I could say about you are infinite
But I will only take a minute
To say the world is a better place with you in it
With you in it Happy Birthday
You know just how to be
Happy Birthday
I'm glad you're you with me
To know you is to love you, to love you is to be blessed
So Happy Birthday
You deserve the best Every time I ever reach out for you
You never let me down
Any time you're ever in need of a friend
I will always be around Happy Birthday
You are everything that's good
You are everything that matters
I would give you the world if I could
You will always be a part of me and all that I go through
So Happy Birthday, dear friend
May all your dreams come true
Happy birthday to you The local rock group down the street
Is trying hard to learn their song
They serenade the weekend squire
Who just came out to mow his lawn Another Pleasant Valley Sunday
Charcoal burning everywhere
Rows of houses that are all the same
And no one seems to care See Mrs. Gray, she's proud today
Because her roses are in bloom
And Mr. Green, he's so serene
He's got a TV in every room Another Pleasant Valley Sunday
Here in status symbol land
Mothers complain about how hard life is
And the kids just don't understand Creature comfort goals
They only numb my soul
And make it hard for me to see My thoughts all seem to stray
To places far away
I need a change of scenery Another Pleasant Valley Sunday
Charcoal burning everywhere
Another Pleasant Valley Sunday
Here in status symbol land Another Pleasant Valley Sunday
Another Pleasant Valley Sunday
Another Pleasant Valley Sunday
Another Pleasant Valley Sunday Sometimes I feel like I've been living much too long
And I've wasted too much time
I think I've lost the inner harmony that flows through me
And my body and mind Like the shoreline that divides the sea and sand
I'm a surface ever changing
I get burdened by the things I just don't understand
And all the mountains left to climb But then the morning sun comes shining through my window
And it's good to be alive
It's gonna be a golden day
Wings unfoldin' day
Green trees, blue sky If I can only learn the lesson of the seasons
Of a balance rearranging
Though they may not always come just when I want them to
Still they come and keep me high And the morning sun comes shining through my window
And it's good to be alive
It's gonna be a golden day
Wings unfoldin' day
Green trees, blue sky High on a snow covered mountain
From her throne she looks down at the clowns
Who think youth can be found in a fountain
High on the wings of her rhythms
She will smile at the guys who come on with their eyes
But she'll never dance with them And in smoke filled rooms of electric sound
A legend is built around... The Snow Queen You may believe you're a winner
But with her you'll soon bite the dust
And discover you're just a beginner
You may not think you're a loser
But in mid-air you'll be hung while
you trip on your tongue
And it'll only amuse her In the morning haze you are frozen there
Caught in the icy stare of The Snow Queen No my friend she doesn't want what you're selling
Oh, my friend there must be a place you can hide And into the night you'll fade knowing you lost the game
And that's just how she got her name of The Snow Queen You've put these distances between us
You've built these walls, they'ree your design
With sharp and angry lies, you've cut the binding ties
While making love seem so unkind Well, all right, you go your way, I'll go mine
I'll get over you in time
There's nothing here to hold you now
Oh, It's your life, so make it shine
You go your way, I'll go mine I've tried to justify your thinking
I've given in and been denied
Like a hundred times before, you take
and ask for more
The only thing you leave is compromise Well, all right, you go your way, I'll go mine
I'll get over you in time
There's nothing here to hold you now
We left those dreams so far behind
You go your way, I'll go mine Oh, there's no need for false amending
Things get so confusinf when you do
When love's become a loss, we spend our
nights defending
I feel so damn defeated when we're through But all right, you go your way, I'll go mine
I'll get over you in time
There's nothing here to hold you now
I just can't fight your willful mind
You go your way, I'll go mine Oh Neil,
I've loved you for so long
I never dreamed
you'd put me in a song. I'm Carole and I live in Tennessee,
I never hoped that you'd remember me. Darling when I saw you at the square-dance
My pulse skipped a beat,
My heart felt so heavy
Like I had too much to eat. Then you took me walkin' in the moonlight,
It was oh so sublime,
I had too much molasses
And your lips stuck to mine. Oh Neil,
I'd even give up a month's supply of chewin' tobaky,
just to be known as Mrs. Neil Sedaky.
My grandpappy, he don't like your records.
He said if I play them I will surely die. Lookout I see him comin' with his shotgun,
there's nothing left to do.
Oh Neil, I'll surely die for you oooh. voice of 'grandpappy':
I told that gal not to play them, daggone Neil Sedaky records... As I bask in the glow of a just-lit fire
Feeling the warmth as the flames grow higher
I think it's true that nothing
is really new under the sun
Watching a new love grow
from old love's embers
Yesterday's gone but today remembers
Doesn't it seem to come down the same for everyone
(Chorus)
Only love is real
Everything else illusion
Adding to the confusion of the way we connive
At being alive
Tracing a line till we can define
The thing that allows us to feel
Only love is real
Childhood dreams like muddy waters
Flowing through me to my son and daughters
Everything I ever thought is confirmed as truth to me
Even as I see the way that I want to go now
Still I had wished I had known what I know now
Maybe I could have spared you
Giving your youth to me
(Chorus) Only love is real
Everything else illusion
Adding to the confusion of the way we connive
At being alive
Tracing a line till we can define
The thing that allows us to feel
Only love is real Like some night bird homeward wingin
he seeks the sheltered nest
like the sailor's lost horizon,
he needs some place to rest
the songs that he's been singin'
no longer make much sense
and those stranger's cold perceptions
they've killed his confidence
nightingale, she sails away upon a sea of song
nightingale, she serenades his lonely, lonely life along
when his tired voice is broken
his golden hope is gone
she makes a lost soul's simple longing
somehow not so wrong
nightingale, nightingale
He was strong, but he was taken
by the thought of his success
those spotlights shadows
how they lured him and took him like all the rest
but that old dream don't look good now
no it don't seem quite the same
he needs to hear a tender word
won't you sing him home again
nightingale, she sails away up on a sea of song
nightingale, she serenades his lonely, lonely life along
when his strength is slowly going,
his pride is all but gone
she makes a foolish dreamer listen to one last song
nightingale ooh sing sweet nightingale
oh, na, na, na, na
nightingale ooh sing sweet nightingale in my little town
i grew up believing
god keeps his eye on us all
and he used to lean upon me
as i pledged allegiance to the wall
lord i recall my little town
coming home after school
riding my bike past the gates of the factories
my mom doing the laundry
hanging out shirts in the dirty breeze
and after it rains there's a rainbow
and all of the colors are black
it's not that the colors aren't there
it's just imagination they lack
everything's the same back in my little town
In my little town i never meant nothing
i was just my father's son
saving my money
dreamin of glory
twitching like a finger on a trigger of a gun
Nothing but the dead and dying back in my little town
nothing but the dead and dying back in my little town
nothing but the dead and dying back in my little town Music is playing inside my head
Over and over and over again
My friend, there's no end to the music Ah, summer is over
But the music keeps playing
And won't let the cold get me down Pictures are forming inside my brain
Soon with the colors they'll rain together and grow
Then don't you know, don't you know there'll be music Ah, it's not always easy
But the music keeps playing
And won't let the world get me down Music is playing inside my head
Music is playing inside
Music is playing inside Music is playing inside
Music is playing inside
Music, music, music Way over yonder
Is a place that I know
Where I can find shelter
From a hunger and cold And the sweet tastin' good life
Is so easily found
Way over yonder
That's where I'm bound I know when I get there
The first thing I'll see
Is the sun shining golden
Shining right down on me Then trouble's gonna lose me
Worry leave me behind
And I'll stand up proudly
In true peace of mind Talkin' about a
Talkin' about a
Way over yonder
Is a place I have seen
In a garden of wisdom
From some long ago dream Oh yeah Maybe tomorrow
I'll find find my way
To the land where the honey runs
In rivers each day And the sweet tastin' good life
Is so easily found
Way over yonder
That's where I'm bound
goodbye 55
Way over yonder
That's where I'm bound I was just leaving
The night was winding down
You touched my shoulder
And i turned around
Here we are
The hardest part is done
And all that's left is living you forever
My heart stopped beating
I couldn't let it show
You were as unexpected as roses in the snow
Just like that i knew you were the one
Now all that's left is loving you forever
In this world we're lucky if we find
A spark that sparks one time
Like when we are together
And in that moment, it happened so fast
My prayers were answered
I found love at last
Take my hand
Our life has begun
And all that's left is loving you forever
Here we are, the hardest part is done
And all that's left is loving you forever Oh, brother, brother, brother
I know you've been layin back
a long time
But I love you like no other
Oh, brother of mine
I've been watching everything you do
And I've been wishing only good for you
All you've got to do is just want it to
And it's gonna - it's gonna come to you Oh, brother, brother, brother
I know you've been hangin' on
a long time
But I love you like no other
Oh, brother of mine You have always been so good to me
And though you didn't always talk to me
There wasn't much my lovin' eyes
could not see
and I don't believe you need
all your misery Oh, brother, brother, brother
I know you've been hangin' on
a long time
You know I love you like no other
Oh, brother, brother, brother
Talkin' about you, brother I see you, but you don't see me
Like a ghost of the future hovering dark and dreamy
You fade in and out of the mist
Do you even exist, except in my wishful thinking I reach for you, but I can't touch you
I feel you just beyond a star
Do you know how much you are all I ever wanted
Is it too much too soon
Am I foolishly dreaming
Just baying at the moon
Playing impossible visions like an elementary tune
How I wish that I could realize my heart
But it's only wishful thinking on my part. We met along the back streets where we would not be seen
Our bodies full of passion, with love our only dream
The neon flashed in our hotel room, but I never complained
Until the night you left me standing in the rain I wondered what had happened, afraid to call your home
So I spent the night in the local bar, but I had to drink alone
I must have gotten in a fight, 'cause I woke up bleeding with pain
I had the midnight sun with you
Now I'm standing in the rain
Standing in the rain Another woman answered when I called you in the morning
The sound of her voice came without a warning
The sun was coming up, but inside my soul was storming
I guess there are some promises you just can't keep I'm still wandering down those back streets
But with a different point of view
'Cause I lost everything I had when I bet it all on you
I try not to think about it, or else I'll go insane
Sometimes I cry, wondering why you left me standing in the rain
Standing in the rain
Why did you leave me standing
Standing in the rain When the sun goes down
Over the canyon
And you're feeling
Lost and abandoned
Some stranger may knock
Upon your door
And it may be like knowing
Someone you never met before Now it may be a common sensation
It may lead to sadness or elation
But it's a chance
That you never had before
And it may be like knowing
Someone you never met before Don't be afraid
The game's not been played
Until you discover your love
She's waiting for you
And all you gotta do
Is let her in, and get her in
And don't live life lonely So when the sun
Goes down on the city
Don't give in to feeling self-pity
Your lover may be
Knocking on the door
And it may be like knowing
Someone you never met before
Someone you never met before The Emperor's got no clothes on
No clothes? That can't be--he's the Emperor
Take that child away
Don't let the people hear the words he has to say One small voice
Speaking out in honesty
Silenced, but not for long
One small voice
Speaking with the values we were taught as children So you walk away and say, Isn't he divine?
Don't those clothes look fine on the Emperor?
And as you take your leave, you wonder why you're feeling
So ill-at-ease--don't you know? Lies take your soul
You can't hide from yourself
Lies take their toll on you
And everyone else One small voice speaking out in honesty
Silenced, but not for long
One small voice speaking with the values we were taught as children
Tell the truth
You can change the world
But you'd better be strong The Emperor's got no clothes on, no clothes
He doesn't want to know what goes on, though everyone knows
One small voice: The Emperor's got no clothes on
One small voice: The Emperor's got no clothes on One small voice can change the world
But you'd better be strong We've been knowing each other
For many a year, it's true
And I can't think of anyone else
Can make me feel as good as you Yeah you, you make my day
A little bit brighter in every way I'm so glad to have you
In this old troubled time
When true love and understanding, child
Are so hard to find Yes you, you make my way
A little bit brighter every day Some people live in darkness
Their whole life through
I just know that I'd have been one of them
If it hadn't have been for you Now sometimes I feel afraid
As we all tend to do
But I think of the loving good times we've had
And I know we're gonna make it through 'Cause you, you make my day
A little bit brighter in every way
Hey, hey Now you, you make my day
Hey, a little bit brighter in every
Every, every, every way Now you, you make my day
A little bit brighter in every way You make my day TIME GONE BY
by Carole King The rebel cry of desolation
To which we used to hearken
Echoes now in isolation
As the skies in fury darken
A thousand acts of desecration
Hundreds more continue
When y'know that you are all creation
You're gonna fight them with all that's in you I remember time gone by
When peace and hope and dreams were high
We followed inner visions and touched the sky
Now we who still believe won't let them die Waters dammed to overflowing
Like tears brimming over in our eyes
Sometimes it's so hard to keep on going
When promises turn to lies
Go ahead, give into confussion
And put aside your ideals too
Soon you'll see only illusion
Don't care who's hurt
As long as it's not you CHORUS Soemtimes a leader emerges
And is followed for a while
Doesn't matter what he encourages
Just as long as he's got style
Young ones conceived in a passion
Of directions we thought enlighted
Grown up they follow the mood in fashion
But beneathe their bravado
you know they're frightened CHORUS Don't it seem like the time goes on
And here we are still carrying on
Reaching out for one another
Like a telephone call
from an old friend or a brother
And you are there to share this
song in the making
Goodbye don't mean I'm gone I know how alone you are
When it's so hard to be so far
From the ones who mean the most to you
WHen you would so much rather
have them close to you
I hope you know you haven't been forsaken
Goodbye don't mean i'm gone I'll never be what you think you see in me
If I can help you deal with what you see as real
That makes me glad to have known you Missing you the way I do
You know I'd like to see more of you
But it's all I can do to be a mother
My baby is in one hand,
I've a pen in the other
You know my love is always there for the taking
And goodbye don't mean I'm gone Yes, I know you've loved and lost
And you've been figurin' up the cost
of your last, your saddest goodbye I'm gonna stay right here with you
So if you're looking for somethin' new
All you have to do is choose
What Have you got to lose Yes it shows you need a change
And you've been feelin' very strange 'bout the
things that made you feel so good before And I've been feelin' blue
'Cause I'm so much in love with you
And all you'd have to do is try something new
What have you got to lose Na dwhen you're ready, let me know
Come to me, come, let your rivwer flow
When you're ready, aw give me a sign
it's time you stepped back out in the sunshine Wouldn't you like to wake up and find
me every morning on your mind
Oh, come on, don't be shy
Come on, you don't have to hide Coem on and get me
What have you got to lose
Come on and get me
What have you got to lose Well the sun is surely sinking down, but the moon is slowly rising.
So this old world must still be spinning round and I still love you. So close your eyes, you can close your eyes, it's all right.
I don't know no love songs and I can't sing the blues anymore.
But I can sing this song and you can sing this song when I'm gone. It won't be long before another day, we gonna have a good time.
And no one's gonna take that time away. You can stay as long as you like. So close your eyes, you can close your eyes, it's all right.
I don't know no love songs and I can't sing the blues anymore.
But I can sing this song and you can sing this song when I'm gone. Meet me on the highway
Meet me on the road
As long as you've got to travel
Don't you want someone to help you carry your load? First time out is a heady feeling
White clouds under my feet
Sailin' along like a south wind
Over fields of whispering wheat Thinkin' alone on a Thursday morning
Of peace and love and war
I still don't have any answer
But I don't get high anymore Meet me on the highway
Meet me on the road
As long as you've got to travel
Don't you want someone to help you carry your load? Some folks are forever movin'
And some folks gotta be still
Don't let it get you, there's joy in either
So do what you will Everyone knows it's the same old feeling
Worlds below the sea
Just you and me and easy
Is where I want to be Meet me on the road
As long as you've got to travel
Don't you want someone to help you carry your load?
Carry, carry, help you carry your load As I walk away
My world comes tumbling down
That's all right
You'll go home again without me
Where will I go tomorrow
It doesn't matter if you want me to stay
Should I turn around
Come back to you
Or should I keep on walking away
It feels so good with you
It feels so right with you
But I will bring you sorrow if I stay
I would lay down my life for you
I would lay down my life for you
I would lay down my life for you
I would lay down my life for you
I kept going on 
When going on made no real sense at all
But it's no good now
It's all clear to me
Now that my back is against the wall
How will you get through tomorrow
It doesn't matter, I know you will
And we'll be together forever
Bound by the way we made each other feel
And I will lay down my life for you
I will lay down my life for you
'Cause it feels so good with you
Yes it feels so right with you
I will lay down my life for you
I will lay down my life for you
I will lay down my life
I will lay down my life for you Everybody's doin' a brand new dance now
Come on baby do the locomotion
I know you'll get to like it if you give it a chance now
Come on baby do the locomotion My little baby sister can do it with ease
It's easier than learning your ABC's
So come on, come on do the locomotion with me You gotta swing your hips now
Come on baby, a jump up, jump back
Oh well, I think you've got the knack, oh, oh Now that you can do it, let's make a chain now
Come on baby do the locomotion
A-chug-a-chug a motion like a railroad train now
Come on baby do the locomotion Do it nice and easy now and don't lose control
A little bit of rhythm and a lot of soul
So come on, come on do the locomotion with me A yeah, yeah, yeah
Come on baby, jump up, jump back
You know, I think you've got the knack, yeah, yeah Move around the floor in a locomotion, let me hear ya
Come on baby do the locomotion
Let's do holdin' hands if you get the notion
Come on baby do the locomotion There's never been a dance that's so easy to do
It even makes you happy when you're feeling blue
So come on, come on do the locomotion with me Come on do the locomotion, come on do the locomotion
Come on do the locomotion, come on do the locomotion
Come on do the locomotion, come on do the locomotion
Come on do the locomotion, come on do the locomotion
Come on, come on do the locomotion in my living room Will U Still Love Me Tomorrow Tonight You're mine completely
You give your love so sweetly
Tonight the light of love is in your eyes
But will U love me tomorrow Is this a lasting treasure
Or a just moment's pleasure
Can I believe the magic of your sights
Will U still love me tomorrow Tonight with words unspoken
You said that i'm the only one
But will my heart be broken
When the night(When the night)
Meets the morning (Meets the morning)sun I'll like to know that your love
Is love I can be sure of
So tell me now and I won't ask again
Will you still love me tomorrow
Will you still love me tomorrow
Will you still love me tomorrow THERE'S A SPACE BETWEEN US
by Carole King Everytime I've needed you
You've been there for me
But now I feel a boundary has been drawn
I can see from all you do
That you still care for me
I know the feeling hasn't gone But there's a space between us
A place that I can't go
Unless you step across and meet me halfway
We've been friends for much too long
And the feeling's much too strong
to let it go astray
Reach out and make the space between us go away I know a little bit of space between two friends
CAn sometimes do them good
But once in a while we need to touch
The way that people should
Love can tie you down, I know
Cause you know I've been there
But I've been working on a way to love
And still be free to care You love your lady
And I know just what you're thinking
Was a time I used to be just where you are
But since I've found my freedom
And I've finally let it sink in
The distance isn't very far There's a space between us
A place that I can't go
Unless you step across and meet me halfway
We've been friends for much too long
And the feeling's much too strong
to elt it go astray
Reach out and make the space between us go away Reach out, I know that you can hear me
Come on and reach out, I need to feel you near me It's going to take some time this time
To get myself in shape.
I really fell out of line this time,
I really missed the gate.
The birds on the telephone line, (next time)
Are cryin' out to me, (next time)
And I won't be so blind next time,
And I'll find some harmony. But it's going to take some time this time,
And I can't make demands.
But, like the young trees in the winter time,
I'll learn how to bend.
After all the tears we've spent,
How could we make amends?
So, it's one more round for experience
And I'm on the road again,
And it's going to take some time this time. It's going to take some time this time,
No matter what I've planned.
And, like the young trees in the winter time,
I'll learn how to bend.
After all the tears we've spent,
How could we make amends?
So, it's one more round for experience
And I'm on the road again
And it's going to take some time this time. CITY STREETS
by Carole King River wind is icy
Chills run through my bones
Tides of life are ebbing out
Between the cobblestones
The streets are on fire
With the burning sunrise
And over the water I look in vain
For love in someone's eyes CHORUS:
Oh, City streets
The stories that they tell
Oh, City streets
They can be heaven, they can be hell Winter colored morning
Gray and dirty brown
Reflecting the mood I'm in
Despair is all around
I long for sweet oblivion
To take me from my pain
Maybe bring me dreams of hope and faith
So, I can break this chain CHORUS Lovers with their arms entwined
Silhouettes against the light
A warm bed is waiting as they head home
After staying up all night
For them the city is magic
That's all they've ever known
I wish I could find the magic
But I'm scared and I'm feeling so alone CHORUS Oh, City streets, the stories thay have known
iOh City Streets, City Streets, The City Streets Words and Music by
Carole King, Carole Bayer Sager & David Foster Do you know that you know me like nobody else
All of my secrets and lies
Do you know that you made me believe in myself
Made me believe I could fly
All the things that you say
That I wait for each day
You're almost too good to be true [Chorus]
It could have been anyone, oh, anyone
A stranger out of the blue
It could have been anyone, oh anyone
That I gave my heart up to
But it was you Well you just never know when
the moment will come
When love is about to begin
Something about someone reaching out
And letting someone in
And I'm glad I was there
When out of thin air
We both had nothing to do [Chorus] One day we'll find out
Why you were sent to me
Now we're together
It must be the way it was meant to be [Chorus]  1999 Lushmole Music (BMI) ~ All About Me Music / Adm. By Warner Tamerlane Publishing Corp. (BMI) One Four Three Music / Adm. By Peermusic (BMI) Everyday will be like a holiday
When my baby
When my baby comes home Now hes been gone for such a long time
Ever since hes been gone hes been on my mind
I got a letter today
Just about noon
He said don't worry baby I' will be home soon And Everyday will be like a holiday
When my baby
When my baby comes home Ill never have to worry about sitting by the phone
When he gets here you know I will never be alone Said he get here sometime today
I know when he gets here he will never go away And Everyday will be like a holiday
When my baby
When my baby comes home 
Everyday will be like a holiday
When my baby
When my baby comes home
When my baby comes home
Everyday
Everyday
Everyday will be be like a holiday
When my baby comes home BEING AT WAR WITH EACH OTHER
by Carole King Everyone comes from one father, one mother
So why do we complicate our lives so much
By being at war with each other Maybe I'm crazy, but I don't understand it
Why do we seem to vote to dig more holes
It's such a waste of a planet There must be a reason that I can't see
Maybe somebody else knows better than me
All I know is Everyone else is a sister or brother
So we've got to look around again and stop
Being at war with each other What a life it is
The hardships, the tears
The desperate years
Such sufferin' Gimme a Bufferin!
And what have I got?
True, it's a lot!
But so what?
There's got to be more to being so great
To looking first-rate and staying out late
Just look at the state I'm in! Oh!
Such sufferin'
My days are full of sufferin' and
Bufferin
I've really learned the hard way
That pastas and cakes
And french fries and steaks
Are not such great shakes
That castles in Spain
Are just a big pain
That life is inane
If you're sufferin'
I'm not blufferin'! Can't wonders like me
Learn how to be
Happy and grateful
For just a mere plateful
Of life's simple goodies?
I wish it were so
But the answer is NO!
So I suffa
Get tougha
And don't get enougha
Anything
Us Super-Dupers
Are regular troopers
We give all we got
And believe it or not
That's a lot!
The standing ovations!
The keys to all nations!
Bermuda vacations!
Money! Success!
I'd settle for less
If I could stop this SUFFERIN'!
Oh such sufferin'
Foo on such sufferin'
Poo on such sufferin'
Oh, nuts to all this sufferin'
Gimme a Bufferin Holding it together with barely any motion
Like so many motes of dust
My dreams keep stirring in me
But all I see are
Rivers of violence
Running red on the streets below me
While passionate strangers whisper desire
All I know is I'm on fire I need just one thing I can believe in
Oh, just one thing
Just one thing I can believe in Hiding in the shadows
I want to stand in the light
Trust is unknown to me
I've been betrayed by the night so long
I can never belong to anyone any more
Why does everybody think they know me
I go through the motions, playing my role
Nobody knows what's deep in my soul I need just one thing I can believe in
Give me just one thing
Oh, just one thing I can believe in Love let me down
I wanted to believe that love was the one thing
But every time I turned around, love let me down In my imagination
I come out of the darkness
The moon in my fantasy smiles down on me
I am a child running wild and free
But then the fight for survival
Takes me out of my illusion
And I'm back in the emptiness, fear and defeat
Trapped in a rhythm I don't want to repeat
The taste of freedom is so close and sweet
I've just gotta find a way off this dead-end street I need just one thing I can believe in
I gotta find one thing
Just one thing I can believe in I need one thing I can believe in
Let me find one thing
Gotta find one thing
Just one thing I can believe in WASN'T BORN TO FOLLOW
by Gerry Goffin / Carole King No I'd rather go and journey
where the diamond crescents flowing
And run across the valley
Beneath the sacred mountain
And wander through the forest
Where the trees have leaves of prisms
That make the light up into colors
That no one know the names of And when it's time I'll go and lay
Beside the legendary fountain
Till I see her form reflected
In its clear and gentle waters
And if you think I'm ready
You may lead me to the chasm
Where the rivers of our visions
Flow into one another And I'll stay awhile and wonder
At the mist that they created
And lose myself within it
Cleanse my mind and body
And I know at that moment
As I stand at cathedral
I will want to dive
Beneath the white cascading water She may beg and she may plead
And she may argue with her logic
Mention all the things I'll lose
That really have no value
Tho' I doubt that she will ever
Come to understand my meaning
In the end she'll surely know
I was not born to follow When I left the world behind me
Retreating through the past
You reached out to find me
And brought me back at last You've shown me something
Beyond my looking glass
Now love's in my reflection
In the shadow that you cast on me and you
You're something new You're something new
Under the sun
Under the moon, you're the light of creation
And I knew
That I'd come to love you Life seemed oh so temporary
A case of 'Here and gone'
And I survived just barely
Until you came along But now each day I'm given
Is one more day I know
A love that's so unselfish
It's a pleasure just to show my love to you
You're something new You're something new
Under the sun
Under the moon, you're the light of creation
And I knew
That I'd come to love you You're something new
Under the sun
Under the moon, you're the light of creation
And I knew You're something new
Under the sun
Under the moon, you're the light
You're the light, you're the light You're something new
Under the sun
Under the moon, you're the light of creation
And I knew
You're something new
Under the sun Welcome to my living room
It's not a womb, it's not a tomb
Not a June bride or the December groom
Tonight, in Hyannis
We'll be playing at a reasonable volume here
In my living room I'm gonna play some songs for you
There are so many I'd like to do,
If I don't get to them all, I hope you'll forgive me 'Cause I'm sixty-two
And there's so many I'd like to do
Old and new
But I'll try to do all I can in the time they give me Let's set aside all the fussing and fighting,
And make this night about songwriting
Sing and play some favorite tunes... Welcome to my living room RASPBERRY JAM
By Carole King & Toni Stern Pieces of toast
raspberry jam
Laid out on the breakfast table
It's time to begin again Way down in the valley
Where the rivers flow
Lives a girl named Sally
Who loves to watch things grow Now Sally has five children
And a good old man
And they all sit down together
For their toast and
their raspberry jam Oh, how they love
pieces of toast raspberry jam
Laid out on the breakfast table
It's time to begin again Tonight you're mine completely
You give your love so sweety
Tonight the light of love is in your eyes
But will you love me tomorrow Is this a lasting treasure
Or just a moment's pleasure
Can I believe the magic of your sighs
Will you still love me tomorrow Tonight with words unspoken
You said that I'm the only one
But will my heart be broken
When the night (when the night)
Meets the morning (meets the morning) sun I'll like to know that your love
Is love I can be sure of
So tell me now and I won't ask again
Will you still love me tomorrow
Will you still love me tomorrow
Will you still love me tomorrow I tried to hang on for as long as I could
But now I can see that it just ain't no good
Our love it has wasted
Right down to the core
Whatever we had
We don't have anymore
You've got to get off a road to nowhere
You've got to get off a road to nowhere
Well I tried and I tried to make things work out right
But I guess we're two people who can't help but fight
Your eyes they are open
And oh so are mine
We both need our freedom
Don't you think it's about time
I'm trying to get off this road to nowhere
I'm trying to get off this road to nowhere
Thank you for the good times we've had in the past
But we both know enough to know good times don't last
Baby you're just no good for me
And I'm no good for you
Let's not waste our time talkin'
We both know what to do
We've got to get off this road to nowhere
It's time to get off this road to nowhere
You've got to get off this road to nowhere
We've got to get off this road to nowhere There was trouble in my mind tonight
Something inside didn't feel quite right
Then I saw your face in the moonlight and I was right beside you
Don't need words that we used to use
It goes deeper then the words we choose
You cant loose I wanna spread the news u got a love inside you
Some days it's hard to know what your feeling
I've been down that road before I can't stop believing
Love makes the world go round
As long as your a part of me
Nothing's gonna take me down
Ohhh Last winter when the snow fall hit
Cold city it was hard to commit
You were out there looking for the perfect fit and I was right beside you
Nothing real comes over night
You weren't sure if it felt right
But sometimes a love can move your life if you let it guide you Baby you've got to take love where you can find it
Just walk right through that door I can't stop believing
Love makes the world go round
As long as I'm a part of you nothing's gonna take you down Love makes the world
Can't stop believing Gonna make it happen together
We are strong now
Watch us fly I can't stop believing
Love makes the world go round
As long as your a part of me nothing's gonna take me down Love makes the world
Can't stop believing One was Johnny
(One was Johnny) 1 was Johnny who lived by himself
2 was a rat who jumped on his shelf
3 was a cat who chased the rat
4 was a dog who came in and sat
5 was a turtle who bit the dog's tail
6 was a monkey who brought in the mail
7 a blackbird pecked poor Johnny's nose (One was Johnny) 8 was a tiger out selling old clothes
9 was a robber who took an old shoe
10 was a puzzle--what should Johnny do (One was Johnny) He stood on a chair and said,
Here's what I'll do--I'll start to
Count backwards
And when I am through
If this house isn't empty, I'll eat
All of you! 9 was the robber who left looking pale
8 was the tiger who chased him to jail
7 was the blackbird flew off to Havana
6 was the monkey who stole the banana
5 was the turtle who crawled off to bed
4 was the dog who slid home on a sled (One was Johnny) 3 was the cat who pounced on the rat
2 was the rat who left with the cat One was Johnny
(One was Johnny)
One was Johnny
(One was Johnny) 1 was Johnny who lived by himself
And liked it like that! (One was Johnny) I THINK I CAN HEAR YOU
by Carole King What must i do, how can I serve you
Is it true what I do is the way to be near you
I'm listening, though sometimes I can't hear you. Looikng around fills me with wonder
At the way you can keep this old world running smoothly
Thinking of you always seems to soothe me I know you're probably not a aman or a woman
or a time or a season
But I'm here and life is dear
And I guess that's a good enough reason to say Just let me do what you put me here to
Let me be what you want me to be
And I hope it'll cheer you
I'm listening and I think I can hear you Even when I thought I didn't believe
You believed in me
And everyone is a part of you
And anyone can know you
All they've got to do is be
I'm listening, and I think I can hear you. If I am the question,
You are the answer
If you are the music,
I am the dancer
Through all of the madness
And all of the sadness
Of day-to-day living
We gotta keep giving One to one
Me to you
Pure and simple,
Sweet and true
One to one, you to me
Sending the love so it's
Spreading out endlessly Now there are those moments
When life loses meaning
And we lose our faith in
The dreams we've been dreaming
When people seem mindless
And plain human kindness
Appears to be dying
We gotta keep trying One to one
Me to you
Pure and simple,
Sweet and true
One to one, you to me
Sending the love so it's
Spreading out endlessly I know this world needs changin'
I know the shape we're in
But with all the confusion
I've reached the conclusion
There's only one place to begin
And that's One to one
Me to you
Pure and simple,
Sweet and true
One to one, you to me
Sending the love so it's
Spreading out endlessly 