I love you hums the April breeze
I love you echoes the hills
I love you the golden dawn agrees
As once more she sees daffodils
It's spring again
And birds on the wing again
Start to sing again
The old melody
I love you
That's song of songs
And it all belongs to you and me It's spring again
And birds on the wing again
Start to sing again
The old melody
I love you
That's song of songs
And it all belongs to you and me Times have changed
And we've often rewound the clock
Since the Puritans got a shock
When they landed on Plymouth Rock.
If today
Any shock they should try to stem
'Stead of landing on Plymouth Rock,
Plymouth Rock would land on them. In olden days, a glimpse of stocking
Was looked on as something shocking.
But now, God knows,
Anything goes.
Good authors too who once knew better words
Now only use four-letter words
Writing prose.
Anything goes.
If driving fast cars you like,
If low bars you like,
If old hymns you like,
If bare limbs you like,
If Mae West you like,
Or me undressed you like,
Why, nobody will oppose.
When ev'ry night the set that's smart is in-
Truding in nudist parties in
Studios.
Anything goes. When Missus Ned McLean (God bless her)
Can get Russian reds to "yes" her,
Then I suppose
Anything goes.
When Rockefeller still can hoard en-
Ough money to let Max Gordon
Produce his shows,
Anything goes.
The world has gone mad today
And good's bad today,
And black's white today,
And day's night today,
And that gent today
You gave a cent today
Once had several chateaux.
When folks who still can ride in jitneys
Find out Vanderbilts and Whitneys
Lack baby clo'es,
Anything goes. If Sam Goldwyn can with great conviction
Instruct Anna Sten in diction,
Then Anna shows
Anything goes.
When you hear that Lady Mendl standing up
Now turns a handspring landing up-
On her toes,
Anything goes.
Just think of those shocks you've got
And those knocks you've got
And those blues you've got
From that news you've got
And those pains you've got
(If any brains you've got)
From those little radios.
So Missus R., with all her trimmin's,
Can broadcast a bed from Simmons
'Cause Franklin knows
Anything goes. If you're ever in a jam, here I am.
If you're ever in a mess, S.O.S.
If you're so happy, you land in jail. I'm your bail.
It's friendship, friendship, just a perfect blendship.
When other friendships are soon forgot, ours will still be hot.
Da da da da da da dig dig dig.
If you're ever down a well, ring my bell.
If you're ever up a tree, just phone to me.
If you ever loose your teeth when you're out to dine, borrow mine.
It's friendship, friendship, just a perfect blendship.
When other friendships are soon forgeet, ours will still be great.
Loddle doddle chuck chuck chaa.
If they ever black you're eyes, put me wise.
If they ever cook your goose, turn me loose.
And if they ever put a bullet through your brain, Ill complain.
It's friendship, friendship, just a perfect blendship.
When other friendships are soon forgit, ours will still be it.
Ah loddle doddle hip hap hap.
If you ever loose your mind, I'll be kind.
And if you ever loose your shirt, I'll be hurt.
If you're ever in a mill and get sawed in half, I won't laugh.
It's friendship, friendship, just a perfect blendship.
When other friendships are are up the crick, ours will still be slick.
Ah loddle doddle woof woof woof, hep hep hep, chopp chop chop, dig dig dig.
Good evening friends. When love comes in and takes you for a spin,
Oo la la la, c'est magnifique
When every night, your loved one holds you tight,
Oo la la la, c'est magnifique
But when one day, your loved one drifts away,
Oo la la la, it is so tragique.
But when once more she whispers
"Je t'adore,: c'est magnifique. The night is young, the skies are clear
So if you want to go walking, dear,
It's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely.
I understand the reason why
You're sentimental, 'cause so am I,
It's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely.
You can tell at a glance
What a swell night this is for romance,
You can hear dear Mother Nature
Murmuring low,
"Let yourself go!"
So please be sweet, my chickadee,
And when I kiss you, just say to me,
"It's delightful, it's delicious,
It's delectable, it's delirious,
It's dilemma, it's delimit, it's deluxe,
It's de-lovely". I feel a sudden urge to sing
The kind of ditty that invokes the spring. I'll control my desire to curse
While you crucify the verse. This verse I started seems to me
The Tin-Pantithesis of a melody, So spare us all the pain,
Just skip the darn thing and sing the refrain... Mi, mi, mi, mi,
Re, re, re, re,
Do, sol, mi, do, la, si.
The night is young, the skies are clear
So if you want to go walking, dear,
It's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely.
I understand the reason why
You're sentimental, 'cause so am I,
It's delightful, it's delicious, it's de-lovely.
You can tell at a glance
What a swell night this is for romance,
You can hear dear Mother Nature
Murmuring low,
"Let yourself go!" So please be sweet, my chickadee,
And when I kiss you, just say to me,
"It's delightful, it's delicious,
It's... It's de-lovely". Once I loved such a shattering physician,
Quite the best-looking doctor in the state,
He looked after my physical condition
And his bedside manner was great! When I'd gaze up and see him there above me,
Looking less like a doctor than a Turk,
I was tempted to whisper, "Do you love me,
Or do you merely love your work?" [flat] He said my bronchial tubes were entrancing,
My epiglottis filled him with glee,
He simply loved my larynx
And went wild about my pharynx,
But he never said he loved me. He said my epidermis was darling [discover veins- ah]
And found my blood as blue as can be,
He went through wild ecstatics
When I showed him my lymphatics,
But he never said he loved me. And though, no doubt, it was not very smart of me,
I get on a-wracking of my soul,
to figure out why he loved every part of me,
And yet not me as a whole. With my esophagus he was ravished, [tiger claws]
Enthusiastic - to a degree,
He said 'twas just enormous, my appendix vermiformis,
But he never said he loved me. He said my cerebellum was brilliant,
And my cerebrum far from N G,
I know he thought a lotta
My medulla oblongota,
But he never said he loved me. He said my maxillaries were marvels,
And found my sternum stunning to see,
He did a double hurdle
When I shook my pelvic girdle,
But he never said he loved me. He seemed amused,
When he first made a test of me
To further his medical art.
Yet he refused,
When he's fixed up the rest of me,
To cure that ache in my heart. I know he thought my pancreas perfect,
And for my spleen was keen as can be,
He said, of all his sweeties,
I'm the sweetest diabetes,
But he never said he loved me. No he never said he loooeeeved... He lingered on with me till morning
And when I went to pay him his fee
He said, "Don't be funny, it is I who owe you money" Ah!
But he never said, no he never said, no he never said he loved me My story is much too sad to be told,
but practically everything
leaves me totally cold.
The only exception i know is the case,
when i'm out on a quiet spree,
fighting vainly the old enui
and i suddenly turn and see,
your fabulous face. I get no kick from Champagne
Mere alchohol doesn't thrill me at all
so tell me why should it be true
that i get a kick
out of you Some get a kick from cocain
i'm sure that if i took even one sniff
that would bore me terrificly too
yet i get a kick out of you i get a kick every time i see you standing there before me
i get a kick though its clear to me you obviously don't
adore me I get no kick in a plane
Flying too high
with some guy in the sky is my idea of nothing to do Yet i get a kick
Out of you In The Still Of The Night
As I gaze from my window
At the moon in its flight
My thoughts all stray to you In The Still Of The Night
All the world is in slumber
All the times without number
Darling when I say to you Do you love me, as I love you
Are you my life to be, my dream come true
Or will this dream of mine fade out of sight
Like the moon growing dim, on the rim of the hill
In the chill, still, of the night Like the moon growing dim, on the rim of the hill
In the chill, still, of the night Do I love you do I?
Doesn't one and one make two?
Do I love you do I?
Does July need a sky of blue?
Would I miss you, would I, if you ever should go away?
If the sun should desert the day, what would life be?
Will I leave you, never?
Could the ocean leave the shore?
Will I worship you forever?
Isn't heaven forevermore?
Do I love you, do I?
Oh my dear it's so easy to see,
Don't you know I do, don't I show you I do,
Just as you love me. Will I leave you, never?
Could the ocean leave the shore?
Will I worship you forever?
Isn't heaven forevermore?
Do I love you, do I?
Oh my dear it's so easy to see,
Don't you know I do, don't I show you I do,
Just as you love me. When the only sound on the empty street
is the heavy tread of the heavy feet
that belong to a lonesome cop
I open shop The moon so long has been gazing down
on the warward ways of this wayward town
my smile becomes a smirk, I go to work Love for sale
appetizing young love for sale
love thats fresh and still unspoiled
love thats only slightly soiled
love for sale who will buy
who would like to sample my supply
who's prepared to pay the price
for a trip to paradise
love for sale let the poets pipe of love
in their childish ways
I know every type of love
better far than they
if you want the thrill of love
I have been through the mill of love
old love
new love
every love but true love love for sale
appetizing young love for sale
if you want to buy my wares follow me and climb the stairs
love for sale It's the wrong time, and the wrong place
Though your face is charming, it's the wrong face
It's not her face, but such a charming face
That it's all right with me It's the wrong song, in the wrong style
Though your smile is lovely, it's the wrong smile
It's not her smile, but such a lovely smile
That it's all right with me You can't know how happy I am that we met
I'm strangely attracted to you
There's someone I'm trying so hard to forget
Don't you want to forget someone, too? It's the wrong game, with the wrong chips
Though your lips are tempting, they're the wrong lips
They're not her lips, but they're such tempting lips
That, if some night, you are free
Then it's all right, yes, it's all right with me Good, good morning, so good to see you weren't just a dream of mine
Real as a raven, real as thunder, real as the sun shinin'
But still so very undefined
Can't imagine what's behind those sleepy eyes Little stranger, don't try to hide now
You look so young when you're afraid
There is no danger, but from the devil
He may want you, but I'm in his way You don't know how easy it is
You don't know how easy it is to love you And come the moonrise when the dew falls
Don't be the sun that fades away
Don't leave me darkness, she's no lover, she hides the day The day is my enemy, the night my friend,
For I'm always so alone
Till the day draws to an end.
But when the sun goes down
And the moon comes through,
To the monotone of the evening's drone
I'm all alone with you. All through the night,
I delight in your love,
All through the night, you're so close to me.
All through the night, from a height far above,
You and your love brings me ecstasy. When dawn comes to waken me
You're never there at all.
I know you've forsaken me,
Till the shadows fall.
But then once again
I can dream,
I've the right
To be close to you
All through the night. Wildcat Kelley, lookin' mighty pale,
Was standin' by the sherrif's side
And when the sherrif said "I'm sendin you to jail,
Wildcat raised his head and cried Oh, give me land, lots of land under starry skies above,
Don't fence me in.
Let me ride through the wide open country that I love,
Don't fence me in.
Let me be by myself in the evenin' breeze,
listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees,
Send me off forever but I ask you please,
Don't fence me in. Just turn me loose, let me straddle my old saddle
Underneath the western skies.
On my Cayuse, let me wander over yonder
Till I see the mountains rise. I want to ride to the ridge where the west commences
gaze at the moon till I lose my senses
I can't look at hobbles and I can't stand fences
Don't fence me in. Wildcat Kelley, back again in town,
was standin by his sweethearts side,
And when his sweetheart said "come on let's settle down,
Wildcat raised his head and cried Oh, give me land, lots of land under starry skies,
Don't fence me in.
Let me ride through the wide open country that I love,
Don't fence me in.
Let me be by myself in the evenin' breeze
listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees
Send me off forever but I ask you please,
Don't fence me in Just turn me loose, let me straddle my old saddle
Underneath the western skies
On my Cayuse, let me wander over yonder
Till I see the mountains rise. I want to ride to the ridge where the west commences
gaze at the moon till I lose my senses
I can't look at hobbles and I can't stand fences
Don't... fence me in. Every time i look down on this timeless town,
Whether blue or gray be her skies,
Whether loud be her cheers, or whether soft be her tears,
More and more do I realize that... I love Paris in the spring time
I love Paris in the fall
I love Paris in the summer when it sizzles
I love Paris in the winter when it drizzles I love Paris every moment
Every moment of the year
I love Paris, why oh why do I love Paris
Because my love is here You Do Something To Me"
Cole Porter/Sinead O'Connor 1990 You do something to me.
Something that simply mystifies me.
Tell me, why should it be
You have the pow'r to hypnotize me.
Let me live 'neath your spell.
Do do that vodoo that you do so well.
For you do something to me
That nobody else can do.
Let me live 'neath your spell.
Do do that vodoo that you do so well
For you do something to me
That nobody else can do.
That nobody else can do I love the look of you, the lure of you
The sweet of you, the pure of you
The eyes, the arms, the mouth of you
The east, west, north and the south of you
I'd love to gain complete control of you
And handle even the heart and soul of you
So love, at least, a small percent of me, do
For I love all of you
I'd love to gain complete control of you
And handle even the heart and soul of you
So love, at least, a small percent of me, do
For I love all of you, for I love all of you Every time we say goodbye, I die a little.
Every time we say goodbye, I wonder why a little.
Why the gods above me, who must be in the know,
think so little of me they allow you to go.
When you're near there's such an air of spring about it.
I can hear a lark somewhere begin to sing about it.
There's no love song finer but how strange the change from major to
minor,
Every time we say goodbye, every single time we say goodbye Birds do it, bees do it
Even educated fleas do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love In Spain the best upper sets do it
Lithuanians and Latts do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love The Dutch in old Amsterdam do it
Not to mention the Finns
Folks in Siam do it
Think of Siamese twins Some Argentines, without means do it
People say in Boston even beans do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love Romantic sponges they say do it
Oysters down in Oyster Bay do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love Cold Cape Cod clams, 'gainst their wish, do it
Even lazy jellyfish do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love Electric eels, I might add, do it
Though it shocks 'em I know
Why ask if shad do it
Waiter, bring me shadroe In shallow shoals, English soles do it
Goldfish in the privacy of bowls do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love I used to fall
In love with all
Those boys who call
On young cuties
But now I find
I'm all inclined
To keep my mind
On my duties
Since I've begun to share
In such a sweet love affair Though I'm in love, I'm not above
A date with a duke or a caddie
It's just a pose, 'cause my baby knows
That My Heart Belongs To Daddy When some good scout, invites me out
To dine om some fine fin and haddie
My baby's sure, his love is secure
Cause My Heart Belongs To Daddy Yes My Heart Belongs To Daddy
So I simply couldn't be bad
Yes I'm gonna marry daddy
Da-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-ad
If you feel romantic laddy
Let me warn you right from the start
That My Heart Belongs To Daddy
And my daddy belongs to my heart like the beat, beat, beat of the tom tom
when the jungle shadows fall
like the tick, tick, tock of the stately clock
as it stands against the wall
like the drip, drip drip of the rain drops
when the summer showers through
a voice within me keeps repeating
you, you, you Night and day you are the one
only you beneath the moon or under the sun
whether near to me or far it's no matter darling
where you are
I think of you
day and night, night and day
why is it so that this longing for you
follows where ever I go
in the roaring trffic's boom, in the silence of my lonely room
I think of you
night and day, day and night
under the hyde of me, there's an oh such a hungry yearning
inside of me
and this torment won't be through
till you let me spend my life making love to you
day and night, night and day Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today, Madam.
Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today.
She is sorry to be delayed,
But last evening down in Lover's Lane she strayed.
Madam.
Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today. When she woke up and found, that her dream of love was gone.
Madam.
She ran to the man who had lead her so far astray.
And from under a velvet gown,
She drew a gun and shot her lover down,
Madam.
Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today. When the mob came and got her and dragged her from the jail,
Madam,
They strung her from the old willow cross the way.
And the moment before she died,
She lifted up her lovely head and cried,
Madam.
Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today. Miss Otis regrets... she's unable to lunch today. When the little bluebird
Who has never said a word
Starts to sing "Spring, spring"
When the little bluebell
At the bottom of the dell
Starts to ring, ding ding
When the little blue clerk
In the middle of his work
Starts a tune to the moon up above
It is nature, that's all
Simply telling us to fall in love And that's why birds do it, bees do it
Even educated fleas do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love
In Spain the best upper sets do it
Lithuanians and Letts do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love
The Dutch in old Amsterdam do it
Not to mention the Finns
Folks in Siam do it--
Think of Siamese twins.
Some Argentines, without means, do it
People say in Boston even beans do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love Romantic sponges, they say, do it
Oysters down in Oyster Bay do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love
Cold Cape Cod clams, 'gainst their wish, do it
Even lazy jellyfish do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love
Electric eels, I might add, do it,
Though it shocks 'em, I know,
Why ask if shad do it?
Waiter, bring me shad roe!
In shallow shoals, English soles do it
Goldfish in the privacy of bowls do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love Mosquitos, heaven forbid, do it
So does every katydid do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love
Dragonflies in the reeds do it
Sentimental centipedes do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love
The most refined ladybugs do it
When a gentleman calls
Moths in your rugs do it
What's the use of moth balls?
The locusts up in the trees do it
Even over-educated fleas do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love The chimpanzees in the zoo do it
Some courageous kangaroos do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love
I'm sure giraffes on the sly do it
Heavy hippopotami do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love
Sloths who hang down from the twigs do it
Though the effort is great
Sweet guinea pigs do it--
Buy a couple and wait!
The world admits bears in pits do it
Even Pekingeses in the Ritz do it
Let's do it, let's fall in love Whenever skies look grey to me
And trouble begins to brew
Whenever the winter winds
Begin to blow
I Concentrate On You When fortune cries nay, nay to me
And people declare "You're through"
Whenever the blues becomes my only song
I Concentrate On You On your smile to sweet so tender
When first my kiss you deny
On the love in your eyes
When you surrender
And once again our arms entertwine And so when wise men say to me
That loves young dreams never come true
To prove that even wise men can be wrong
I Concentrate On You. Now that we are close, no more nights morose,
Now that we are one, the beguine has just begun.
Now that we're side by side, the future looks so gay,
Now we are allibied when we say... From this moment on, you for me dear
Only two for tea dear, from this moment on,
From this happy day, no more blue songs,
Only whoop dee doo songs,
From this moment on.
For you've got the love I need so much,
Got the skin I love to touch,
Got the arms to hold me tight,
Got the sweet lips to kiss me goodnight,
From this moment on, you and I, babe,
We'll be ridin' high, babe.
Every care is gone, from this moment on. Life's great, life's grand
Future, all planned
No more, clouds in the sky
How'm I ridin'? I'm ridin' high
Someone, I love
Mad for, my love
So long, Jonah, goodbye
How'm I ridin'? I'm ridin' high Floating, on a starlit ceiling
Doting, on the cards I'm dealing
Gloating, because I'm feeling so hap-hap-happy, I'm slap-happy So ring bells, sing songs
Blow horns, beat gongs
Our love, never will die
How'm I ridin'? I'm ridin' high Someone, I love
Mad for, my love
So long, Jonah, goodbye
How'm I ridin'? I'm ridin' high
Floating, on a starlit ceiling
Doting, on the cards I'm dealing
Gloating, because I'm feeling so hap-hap-happy, I'm slap-happy So ring bells, sing songs
Blow horns, beat gongs
Our love, never will die
How'm I ridin'? I'm ridin' high I have heard among this clan,
You are called the forgotten man
(Is that what they're saying, well did you evah!)
(What a swell party this is) And have you heard the story of,
A boy, a girl, unrequited love
(Sounds like pure soap opera, tune in tomorrow) I
May cry
(What a swell party this is) (What frills, what frocks) What broads!
(What furs, what rocks!) They're bootiful.
(Why I've never seen such gaity) Neither have I.
(Its all just too, too risque really) This french champagne (domestic)
(So good for the brain) that's what I was going to
Say.
(You know you're a brilliant fellow?) Why thank
You
(Pick up jack. please don't eat that glass my friend) (Have you heard, about dear Blanche?)
(Got run down by an avalanche) No!
(Oh don't worry, she's a game girl you know, got
Up and finished 4th)
The kids got guts. (Having a nice time? Grab a
Line!) Have you heard that Mimsie Starr (what now) She got pinched in the Astor bar
(Sloshed again, eh?) She was stoned.
Well, did you evah? (Never!)
What a swell party this is! Hey, check out that act! (That's a lovely dress.
You think I can talk her out of it?) It's great, (aah it's great)
So grand! (so grand)
It's wonderland!
La da da da... (We sing), oh we sing
(So rare) so rare
(Like old camembert)
(Like baba au rhum!)
Don't dig that kind of crooning chum! Have you heard? It's in the stars
Next July we collide with Mars.
Well, did you evah?
What a swell party, a swell party
A swelligant, elegant party this is! (I drink to your health)
Naw, lets drink to your wealth
Your my bon ami
Hey, that's french
A liberty fraternity Have you heard? It's in the stars
Next July we collide with Mars.
Well, did you evah?
What a swell party, swell party
Swelligant, elegant party this is! Why shouldn't I take a chance when romance passes by?
Why shouldn't I know of love?
Why wait around when each age has a sage who has sung
That upon this earth love is all that is really worth thinking of? It must be fun, lots of fun
To be sure when day is done
That the hour is coming when you'll be kissed
And then you'll be kissed again All debutantes say it's good
And every star out in far Hollywood
Seems to give it a try
So why shouldn't I? All debutantes say it's good
And every star out in far Hollywood
Seems to give it a try
So why　 shouldn't　 I? It's too darn hot,
It's too darn hot.
I'd like to sup with my baby tonight,
And play the pup with my baby tonight.
I'd like to sup with my baby tonight,
And play the pup with my baby tonight,
But I ain't up to my baby tonight,
'Cause it's too darn hot.
It's too darn hot,
It's too darn hot.
I'd like to stop for my baby tonight,
And blow my top with my baby tonight.
I'd like to stop for my baby tonight,
And blow my top with my baby tonight,
But I'd be a flop with baby tonight,
'Cause it's too darn hot.
It's too darn hot,
It's too darn hot.
I'd like to fool with my baby tonight,
Break ev'ry rule with my baby tonight.
I'd like to fool with my baby tonight,
Break ev'ry rule with my baby tonight,
But, pillow, you'll be my baby tonight,
'Cause it's too darn hot.
According to the Kinsey Report
Ev'ry average man you know
Much prefers to play his favorite sport
When the temperature is low,
But when the thermometer goes 'way up
And the weather is sizzling hot,
Mister Adam
For his madam.
Is not,
'Cause it's too, too
Too darn hot,
It's too darn hot,
It's too darn hot.
It's too darn hot,
It's too darn hot.
I'd like to call on my baby tonight,
And give my all to my baby tonight.
I'd like to call on my baby tonight,
And give my all to my baby tonight.
But I can't play ball with baby tonight,
'Cause it's too darn hot.
It's too darn hot,
It's too darn hot.
I'd like to meet with my baby tonight,
Get off my feet, mm, with my baby tonight.
I'd like to meet with my baby tonight,
Get off my feet with my baby tonight.
But no repeat with baby tonight,
'Cause it's too darn hot.
It's too darn hot,
It's too darn hot.
I'd like to coo to my baby tonight,
And pitch the woo with my baby tonight.
I'd like to coo to my baby tonight,
And pitch the woo with my baby tonight.
But, pillow, you'll be my baby tonight,
'Cause it's too darn hot.
According to the Kinsey Report
Ev'ry average man you know
Much prefer to play his favorite sport
When the temperature is low,
But when the thermometer goes 'way up
And the weather is sizzling hot,
Mister Gob
For his squab.
A marine,
For his queen.
A G.I.
For his cutie-pie
Is not,
'Cause it's too, too
Too darn hot,
It's too darn hot,
It's too, too, too, too darn hot. As Dorothy Parker once said
To her boyfriend, "fare thee well"
As Columbus announced
When he knew he was bounced,
"It was swell, Isabel, swell" As Abelard said to Eloise,
"Don't forget to drop a line to me, please"
As Juliet cried, in her Romeo's ear,
"Romeo, why not face the fact, my dear" It was Just One Of Those Things
Just one of those crazy flings
One of those bells that now and then rings
Just One Of Those Things It was just one of those nights
Just one of those fabulous flights
A trip to the moon on gossamer wings
Just One Of Those Things If we'd thought a bit, of the end of it
When we started painting the town
We'd have been aware that our love affair
Was too hot, not to cool down So good-bye, dear, and amen
Here's hoping we meet now and then
It was great fun
But it was Just One Of Those Things If we'd thought a bit, of the end of it
When we started painting the town
We'd have been aware that our love affair
Was too hot, not to cool down So good-bye, dear, and amen
Here's hoping we meet now and then
It was great fun
But it was Just One Of Those Things Just One Of Those Things Who wants to be a millionaire? I don't. Have flashy flunkeys everywhere? I don't.
Who wants the bother of a country estate? A country estate is something I'd hate!
Who wants to wallow in champagne? I don't. Who wants a supersonic plane? I don't.
Who wants a marble swimming pool too? I don't. And I don't `cause all I want is you.
Who wants to be a millionaire? I don't. Who wants uranium to spare? I don't.
Who wants to journey on a gigantic yacht? Do I want a yacht? Oh, how I do not!
Who wants a fancy foreign car? I don't. Who wants to tire of caviar? I don't
Who wants a private landing field too? I don't. And I don't `cause all I want is you. Is it an earthquake or simply a shock?
Is it the good turtle soup or merely the mock?
Is it a cocktail, this feeling of joy?
Or is what I feel the real McCoy? Is it for all time or simply a lark?
Is it Granada I see or only Asbury Park?
Is it a fancy not worth thinking of?
Or is it At Long Last Love? Is it an earthquake, or simply a shock?
Is it the good turtle soup, or is it merely the mock?
Is it a cocktail, this feeling of joy?
Or is what I feel the real McCoy? Is it for all time or simply a lark?
Is it Granada I see or only Asbury Park?
Is it a fancy, not worth thinking of?
Or is it at long long long last love? Get Out Of Town
Before it's too late my love
Get Out Of Town
Be good to me please Why wish me harm
Why not retire to a farm
And be contented to charm
The birds off the trees Just disappear
I care for you much too much
And when you're near, close to me dear
We touch too much The thrill when we meet is so bittersweet
That darling, it's getting me down
So on your mark get set
Get Out Of Town Bill, you've been gamblin' again
Gee honey, I'm sorry
If only you meant it Why can't you behave?
Oh, why can't you behave?
After all the things you told me
And the promises that you gave
Oh, why can't you behave? They switched the dice on me, baby Why can't you be good?
And do just as you should
Won't you turn that new leaf over
So your baby can be your slave?
Oh, why can't you behave? There's a farm I know near my old hometown
Where we two can go and try settlin' down
There I'll care for you forever
Well, at least till you dig my grave, oh
Oh, why can't you behave? Gee, I need you kid
I always knew you did
But why can't you behave? I was a humdrum person
Leading a life apart
When love flew in through my window wide
And quickened my humdrum heart Love flew in through my window
I was so happy then
But after love had stayed a little while
Love flew out again This funny thing
Called love
Just who can solve its mystery
Why should it make
A fool of me? I saw you there
One wonderful day
You took my heart
And threw it away
That's why I ask the lord
In heaven above
What is this thing
Called love? This funny thing
Called love
Just who can solve its mystery
Why should it make
A fool of me? I saw you there
One wonderful day
You took my heart
And threw it away
That's why I ask the lord
In heaven above
What is this thing
Called love? Strange dear, but true dear,
When I'm close to you, dear,
The stars fill the sky,
So in love with you am I. Even without you,
My arms fold about you,
You know darling why,
So in love with you am I.
In love with the night mysterious,
The night when you first were there,
In love with my joy delirious,
When I knew that you could care So taunt me, and hurt me,
Deceive me, desert me,
I'm yours, till I die...
So in love... So in love...
So in love with you, my love... am I... I hate men.
I can't abide them even now and then.
Then ever marry one of them, I'd rest a maiden rather,
For husbands are a boring lot that only give you bother.
Of course, I'm awful glad that mother had to marry father,
Still, I hate men. Of all the types of men I've met in our democracy,
I hate the most the athlete with his manner bold and brassy.
He may have hair upon his chesst, but sister, so has Lassie!
Oh, I hate men! I hate men.
They should be kept like piggies in a pen.
You may be wooed by Jack the Tar, so charming and so chipper,
But if you're wooed by Jack the Tar, be sure that you're the skipper.
For Jack the Tar can go too far. Remember Jack the Ripper?
Oh, I hate men! If thou shouldst wed a business man, be wary, oh be wary:
He'll tell you he's detained in town on business neccesary.
The business is the business that he gives his secretary!
Oh, I hate men! I hate men.
Though roosters they, I will not play the hen.
If you espouse an older man through girlish optimism,
He'll always stay at home and night and make no criticism.
Though you may call it love, the doctors call it rheumatism.
Oh, I hate men! Of all I've read, alone in bed, from A to Zed about 'em,
Since love is blind, then from the mind, all womankind should rout 'em.
But, ladies, you must answer too, what would we do without 'em?
Still, I HATE men! I love you hums the April breeze
I love you echoes the hills
I love you the golden dawn agrees
As once more she sees daffodils
It's spring again
And birds on the wing again
Start to sing again
The old melody
I love you
That's song of songs
And it all belongs to you and me It's spring again
And birds on the wing again
Start to sing again
The old melody
I love you
That's song of songs
And it all belongs to you and me I've got you under my skin.
I've got you deep in the heart of me.
So deep in my heart that you're really a part of me.
I've got you under my skin.
I'd tried so not to give in.
I said to myself: this affair never will go so well.
But why should I try to resist when, baby, I know so well
I've got you under my skin? I'd sacrifice anything come what might
For the sake of havin' you near
In spite of a warnin' voice that comes in the night
And repeats, repeats in my ear:
Don't you know, little fool, you never can win?
Use your mentality, wake up to reality.
But each time that I do just the thought of you
Makes me stop before I begin
'Cause I've got you under my skin. (Musical interlude) I would sacrifice anything come what might
For the sake of havin' you near
In spite of the warning voice that comes in the night
And repeats - how it yells in my ear:
Don't you know, little fool, you never can win?
Why not use your mentality - step up, wake up to reality?
But each time I do just the thought of you
Makes me stop just before I begin
'Cause I've got you under my skin.
Yes, I've got you under my skin. When they begin the beguine
it brings back the sound of music so tender,
it brings back a night of tropical splendor,
it brings back a memory ever green.
I'm with you once more under the stars,
and down by the shore an orchestra's playing
and even the palms seem to be swaying
when they begin the beguine.
To live it again is past all endeavor,
except when that tune clutches my heart,
and there we are, swearing to love forever,
and promising never, never to part.
What moments divine, what rapture serene,
till clouds came along to disperse the joys we had tasted,
and now when i hear people curse the chance that was wasted,
i know but too well what they mean;
So don't let them begin the beguine
let the love that was once a fire remain an ember;
let it sleep like the dead desire i only remember
when they begin the beguine.
Oh yes, let them begin the beguine, make them play
till the stars that were there before return above you,
till you whisper to me once more,
"darling, i love you!"
and we suddenly know, what heaven we're in,
when they begin the beguine 