Drink up baby, stay up all night
With the things you could do
You won't but you might
The potential you'll be that you'll never see The promises you'll only make
Drink up with me now
And forget all about the pressure of days
Do what I say and I'll make you okay
And drive them away
The images stuck in your head People you've been before
That you don't want around anymore
That push and shove and won't bend to your will I'll keep them still Drink up baby, look at the stars
I'll kiss you again, between the bars
Where I'm seeing you there with your hands in the air
Waiting to finally be caught
Drink up one more time and I'll make you mine
Keep you apart, deep in my heart
Separate from the rest, where I like you the best
And keep the things you forgot People you've been before
That you don't want around anymore
That push and shove and won't bend to your will
I'll keep them still Someone's always coming around here
Trailing some new kill
Says "I've seen your picture on a
Hundred-dollar bill"
What's a game of chance to you,
To him is one of real skill So glad to meet you, Angeles Picking up the ticket shows there's
Money to be made
Go on, lose the gamble that's the
History of the trade
Did you add up all the cards left to play
To zero And sign up with evil, Angeles? Don't start me trying now
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh 'Cause I'm all over it, Angeles I can make you satisfied in
Everything you do
All your secret wishes could right
Now be coming true
And be forever with my poison arms
Around you No one's gonna fool around with us
No one's gonna fool around with us
So glad to meet'cha, Angeles I'm in love with the world through the eyes of a girl
Who's still around the morning after
We broke up a month ago and I grew up I didn't know
I'd be around the morning after It's always been wait and see
A happy day and then you pay
And feel like shit the morning after
But now I feel changed around and instead falling down
I'm standing up the morning after Situations get fucked up and turned around sooner or later And I could be another fool or an exception to the rule
You tell me the morning after
Crooked spin can't come to rest
I'm damaged bad at best
She'll decide what she wants
I'll probably be the last to know
No one says until it shows and you see how it is
They want you or they don't
Say yes
I'm in love with the world through the eyes of a girl
Who's still around the morning after First the mic then a half cigarette
Singing cathy's clown
That's the man that she's married to now
That's the girl that he takes around town She appears composed, so she is, I suppose
Who can really tell?
She shows no emotion at all
Stares into space like a dead china doll I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow
Now she's done and they're calling someone
Such a familiar name
I'm so glad that my memory's remote 'Cause I'm doing just fine hour to hour, note to note
Here it is, the revenge to the tune,
"You're no good,
You're no good you're no good you're no good" Can't you tell that it's well understood?
I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow
I'm here today and expected to stay on and on and on
I'm tired I'm tired
Looking out on the substitute scene
Still going strong
XO, mom It's ok, it's alright, nothing's wrong
Tell mr. man with impossible plans to just leave me alone
In the place where I make no mistakes
In the place where I have what it takes I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow
I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow
I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow Drink up baby, stay up all night
With the things you could do
You won't but you might
The potential you'll be that you'll never see The promises you'll only make
Drink up with me now
And forget all about the pressure of days
Do what I say and I'll make you okay
And drive them away
The images stuck in your head People you've been before
That you don't want around anymore
That push and shove and won't bend to your will I'll keep them still Drink up baby, look at the stars
I'll kiss you again, between the bars
Where I'm seeing you there with your hands in the air
Waiting to finally be caught
Drink up one more time and I'll make you mine
Keep you apart, deep in my heart
Separate from the rest, where I like you the best
And keep the things you forgot People you've been before
That you don't want around anymore
That push and shove and won't bend to your will
I'll keep them still Someone's always coming around here
Trailing some new kill
Says "I've seen your picture on a
Hundred-dollar bill"
What's a game of chance to you,
To him is one of real skill So glad to meet you, Angeles Picking up the ticket shows there's
Money to be made
Go on, lose the gamble that's the
History of the trade
Did you add up all the cards left to play
To zero And sign up with evil, Angeles? Don't start me trying now
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh 'Cause I'm all over it, Angeles I can make you satisfied in
Everything you do
All your secret wishes could right
Now be coming true
And be forever with my poison arms
Around you No one's gonna fool around with us
No one's gonna fool around with us
So glad to meet'cha, Angeles I'm in love with the world through the eyes of a girl
Who's still around the morning after
We broke up a month ago and I grew up I didn't know
I'd be around the morning after It's always been wait and see
A happy day and then you pay
And feel like shit the morning after
But now I feel changed around and instead falling down
I'm standing up the morning after Situations get fucked up and turned around sooner or later And I could be another fool or an exception to the rule
You tell me the morning after
Crooked spin can't come to rest
I'm damaged bad at best
She'll decide what she wants
I'll probably be the last to know
No one says until it shows and you see how it is
They want you or they don't
Say yes
I'm in love with the world through the eyes of a girl
Who's still around the morning after First the mic then a half cigarette
Singing cathy's clown
That's the man that she's married to now
That's the girl that he takes around town She appears composed, so she is, I suppose
Who can really tell?
She shows no emotion at all
Stares into space like a dead china doll I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow
Now she's done and they're calling someone
Such a familiar name
I'm so glad that my memory's remote 'Cause I'm doing just fine hour to hour, note to note
Here it is, the revenge to the tune,
"You're no good,
You're no good you're no good you're no good" Can't you tell that it's well understood?
I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow
I'm here today and expected to stay on and on and on
I'm tired I'm tired
Looking out on the substitute scene
Still going strong
XO, mom It's ok, it's alright, nothing's wrong
Tell mr. man with impossible plans to just leave me alone
In the place where I make no mistakes
In the place where I have what it takes I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow
I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow
I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow I'm in love with the world, Through the eyes of a girl, Who's still around the morning after. We broke up a month ago, And I grew up, I didn't know I'd be around the morning after. It's always been wait and see, A happy day and then you pay And feel like shit the morning after. But now I feel changed around, And instead falling down, I'm standing up the morning after. Situations get fucked up Turned around sooner or later I could be another fool, Or an exception to the rule You tell me the morning after. Crooked spin can't come to rest I'm damaged bad at best She'll decide what she wants I'll probably be the last to know No one says until it shows See how it is they want you or they don't I'm in love with the world, Through the eyes of a girl, Who's still around the morning after. Wish you gave me your number
Wish I could call you today
Just to hear a voice
I got a long way to go, I'm getting further away If I didn't know the difference
Living alone would probably be okay
It wouldn't be lonely
I got a long way to go, I'm getting further away A lot of hours to occupy, it was easy when I didn't know you yet
Things I'd have to forget
But I better be quiet now, I'm tired of wasting my breath
Caring on and getting upset Maybe I have a problem
But that's not what I wanted to say
I'd prefer to say nothing
I got a long way to go, I'm getting further away Had a dream as an army man with an order just to march in my place
While a dead enemy screams in my face
But I better be quiet now, I'm tired of wasting my breath
Carrying on, not over it yet Wish I knew what you're doing
And why you want to do it this way
So I can't go the distance
I got a long way to go, I'm getting further away I got a long way to go
I'm getting further away Oh, yeah
Let the band play one time now It was early one morning
I was on my way to school
Early one morning
I was on my way to school
Got lost on monday morning
I broke my teachers rule I was in love with you, baby
Before I learned to call your name
I was in love with you, baby
Before I learned to call your name
Now you're in love with someone else
You're bound to drive poor me insane Oh, yeah ( )
I said bye, bye bye, baby, bye bye
I said bye, bye bye, baby, bye, bye
Ha ha
I said bye, bye bye, baby, bye, bye
Bring it down here
I said bye, bye bye, baby, bye, bye
Bye, bye bye, baby, bye, bye
I said bye, bye bye, baby, bye, bye
Yeah
Bye, bye bye, baby, bye, bye
Bye, bye bye, baby, bye, bye
I said bye, bye bye, baby, bye, bye I'll fake it through the day
With some help
From Johnny Walker red
Send the poisoned rain down the drain
To put bad thoughts in my head Two tickets torn in half
And a lot of nothing to do
Do you miss me--Miss Misery--
Like you say you do? A man in the park
Read the lines in my hand
Told me I'm strong, hardly ever wrong
I said man you mean You had plans for both of us
That involved a trip out of town
To a place I've seen in a magazine
That you left lying around
I don't have you with me but
I keep a good attitude
Do you miss me--Miss Misery--
Like you say you do? I know you'd rather see me gone
Than to see me the way that I am
But I am in your life, anyway Next door TV's flashing blue
Frames on the wall
It's a comedy of errors, you see
It's about taking a fall
To vanish into oblivion
It's easy to do
And I try to be
But you know me I come back when you want me to
Do you miss me--Miss Misery--
Like you say you do? seen you watching
her every time she crosses the floor
so just go and talk to
someone you really adore
i'm getting pretty used to being
the one you always ignore
when somebody wants you
i've seen it before you're every kind of color
there ain't nothing that you won't claim
your ambition and promise
and your addiction to fame
and everyone's got a dollar
sign after their name
when somebody wants you
you treat 'em just the same so go on and pick up
you don't care what poison you choose
or what person you'll use
should've been me, yeah
shouldn't it be? crushing quiet
crawls in through your window
from someone who wants you
but you'll never know
i'll pick up around you
clear everything out
leave you where i found you
i figured you out Haven't laughed this hard in a long time
Better stop now before I start crying.
Go off to sleep in the sunshine
Don't want to see the day when it's dying. She's a sight to see, she's good to me
I'm already somebody's baby.
She's a pretty thing and she knows everything
But I'm already somebody's baby. You don't deserve to be lonely
But those drugs you got won't make you feel better.
Pretty soon you'll find it's the only
Little part of your life you're keeping together. I'd be nice to you, if I could make it through
But you're already somebody's baby.
I could make you smile if you stayed a while
But how long will you stay with me baby? Because your candle burns too bright
I almost forgot it was twilight.
Even if I think that you are right
Well, I'm tired of being down, I got no fight. You're wonderful, and it's beautiful
But I'm already somebody's baby.
And if I went with you I'd disappoint you too.
I'm already somebody's baby.
Already somebody's baby. Activity's killing the actor
And a cop's standing out in the road turning traffic away
There was nothing she could do until after
When his body had been buried below, way back in the day Oh my, nothing else could have been done
Made his life a lie so
He might never have to know anyone
Made his life the lie you know I told him that he shouldn't upset her
And that he'd only be making it worse involving somebody else
But I knew that he'd never forget her
While her memory worked in reverse to keep her safe from herself And oh my, nothing else could have been done
She made her life a lie so
She might never have to know anyone
Made her life the lie you know What I used to be
Will pass away and then you'll see
That all I want now
Is happiness for you and me What I used to be
Will pass away and then you'll see
That all I want now
Is happiness for you and me What I used to be
Will pass away and then you'll see
That all I want now
Is happiness for you and me All I want now is happiness for you and me Ah, because the world is round
it turns me on
Because the world is round Ah, because the wind is high
it blows my mind
Because the wind is high Ah, love is old, love is new
Love is all, love is you Because the sky is blue
it makes me cry
Because the sky is blue Ah, ah, ah, ah Everybody knows which way you go
Straight to over
No one wants to see you inside of me
Straight to over I heard the hammer at the lock
Say you're deaf and dumb and done
Give yourself another talk
This time make it sound like someone The noise is coming out and if it's not out now
Then tomorrow, tomorrow...
They took your life apart and called your failures art
They were wrong though they won't know
'Til tomorrow I got static in my head, the reflected sound of everything,
Tried to go to where it led, but it didn't lead to anything,
The noise is coming out, and if it's not out now,
I know it's just about to drown tomorrow out No bad dream fucker? s gonna boss me around
Christian brothers gonna take him down
It can? t help me get over
Don? t be cross, this sick I want I? ve seen the boss blink on and off
Fake concerns is what? s the matter, man
And you think I ought to shake your motherfuckin' hand
Well I, I know how much you care
Don? t be cross, this sick I want I? ve seen the boss blink on and off
Come here by me, I want you here
Nightmares become me, it? s so fucking clear Don? t be cross, this sick I want
I? ve seen the boss blink on and off
Come here by me, I want you here
Nightmares become me, it? s so fucking clear
Nightmares become me, it? s so fucking clear The King's crossing was the main attraction
Dominoes falling in a chain reaction
The scraping subject ruled by fear told me
Whiskey works better than beer The judge is on vinyl, decisions are final
And nobody gets a reprieve
And every wave is tidal
If you hang around you're going to get wet I can't prepare for death any more than I already have
All you can do now is watch the shells
The game looks easy that's why it sells Frustrated fireworks inside your head
Are going to stand and deliver talk instead
The method acting that pays my bills
Keeps the fat man feeding in Beverly Hills I got a heavy metal mouth that hurls obscenity
And I get my check from the trash treasury
Because I took my own insides out It don't matter 'cause I have no sex life
And all I wanna do now is inject my ex-wife
I've seen the movie
And I know what happens It's Christmas time
And the needles on the tree
A skinny Santa is bringing something to me
His voice is overwhelming
But his speech is slurred
And I only understand every other word Open your parachute and grab your gun
Falling down like an omen, a setting sun
Read the part and return at five
It's a hell of a role if you can keep it alive But I don't care if I fuck up
I'm going on a date
With a rich white lady
Ain't life great? Give me one good reason not to do it
(Because we love you)
So do it
This is the place where time reverses
Dead men talk to all the pretty nurses
Instruments shine on a silver tray
Don't let me get carried away
Don't let me get carried away
Don't let me be carried away Your hand on his arm
Haystack charm around your neck
Strung out and thin
Calling some friend trying to cash some check
He's acting dumb
That's what you've come to expect Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay He's wearing your clothes
Head down to toes a reaction to you
You say you know what he did
But you idiot kid
You don't have a clue
Sometimes they just get caught in the eye
You're pulling him through Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay Now on the bus
Nearly touching this sturdy retreat
Falling out 6th and Powell a dead sweat in my teeth
Gonna walk walk walk
Four more blocks plus the one in my brain
Down downstairs to the man
He's gonna make it all OK I can't be myself
I can't be myself
And I don't want to talk
I'm taking the cure so I can be quiet
Wherever I want
So leave me alone
You ought to be proud that I'm getting good marks Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay
Needle in the hay True love is a rose behind glass
It's locked and kept closed
Maybe just to me
My heart's been attacked
Shattered by tough love, bad love
I bought mine off the street
True love, man, just can't be beat
I felt so complete
Married to heavenly bodies above
And each night I look up
At a bright honeymoon
Because it sure seemed built to last
Even after my honeymoon past
I kept right on at midnight
Like a ghost
To the house it once haunted
And day after day
I'd steal with my true love away
To some hideout we left undisturbed
We could do what we wanted
But I started to feel like a liar
Saying I love you
She was madly in love or mad at me
There was no in-between
It come on and on
I found I can't make a stand
I'm her hired hand
I have to do harm
One day I got sick
She played me a nasty old trick
Said, "I need cigarettes"
Walked around the block
Caught a cab
Stayed gone for too long
My love had gotten too strong
Just to try to getting back on my own
I had to go to rehab
All I need is a safe place to bleed
Is this where it's at?
Half of no chance
Steps in a dance
Your life's just a combat
Now I'm the king of the ward
Because I'm good and I swallow my sword
Puke it up for the doctor to write
A new prescription
Tranquil as a dove
People that have lost their true love
All seem to fit the same description
I feel cold, useless and old
Wish I was no one
Take me home, my lord
Take me home today
Take me out of this place
Take me home with you today I met a girl
Snowball in hell
She was scarred
And as cracked as the Liberty Bell I got her to
Come on, move in with me
And I said I'd find a better place
We can spend eternity But don't go down
Don't go down
Stay with me, baby stay Her momma called me a thief
And her dad
Called himself Commander in Chief I fought him off with my love
But I knew the sense of worthlessness
She'd have to rise above Don't go down
Don't go down
Stay with me, baby stay Don't go down
Don't go down
Stay with me, baby stay She had a dream
Woke up in shock
She had seen her own body
Outlined in chalk And I split the scene
The globe's been spun
And her ghost beamed down to kiss me
With a message from the sun Don't go down
Don't go down
Stay with me, baby stay Don't go down
Stay with me, baby stay
Don't go down
Stay with me, baby stay Got a foot in the door
God knows what for
And he'll cut me down to size
Stupidity tries Everything here is free
Everything but you and me
This painting never dries
Stupidity tries Savannah shoulder raised a cheer
Coloring the sky with ash
Because they found some privateer
To sail across a sea of trash The enemy is within
Don't confuse me with him
The truth is otherwise
Stupidity tries And so I go from floor to floor
Looking for a port of call
Another drunk conquistador
Conquering the governor's ball I couldn't think of a thing
That I hope tomorrow brings
Oh, what a surprise
Stupidity tries You get what you see...
I saw a rich fuck given charity.
I saw an evil emperor
Wearing my clothes. Far from the best...
They might suit you better than the rest.
Just looking in the mirror
Will make you a brave man. I know my place...
I hate my face...
I know how I begin, and how I'll end.
Strung out again... Was a parliament of owls
Flying over a city of canals
Voting on the body
Floating in the downs You get what you see.
Some things, they just change invisibly.
I don't know where I'm going,
And I don't even want to know. I know my place...
I hate my face...
I know how I begin, and how I'll end.
Strung out again... Standing, smiling
On some fantasy island.
Looking at my lost reflection again,
But the tide's rolling in,
And I'm strung out again.
Strung out again... You'll take advantage 'til you think you're being used
Cause without an enemy your anger gets confused
I got stuck on the side you know, I never chose
But it's all about taking the easy way out for you I suppose There's no escape for you except in someone else
Although you've already disappeared within yourself
The invisible man who's always changing clothes
It's all about taking the easy way out for you I suppose Well I don't want you making mistakes
I wish you luck I really do
But the problem with the puzzle
Whatever's left to you I heard you found another audience to bore
A creative thinker who imagined you were more
A new body for you to push around and pose
It's all about taking the easy way out for you I suppose
It's all about taking the easy way out for you I suppose I'd say you make a perfect
Angel in the snow
All crushed out on the way you are
Better stop before it goes too far Don't you know that I love you?
Sometimes I feel like only a cold still life
That fell down here to lay beside you Don't you know that I love you?
Sometimes I feel like only a cold still life
Only a frozen still life
That fell down here to lay beside you Last stop for a resolution.
End of the line, is it confusion? So go.
Go and see what's there for you.
Nothing new; nothing new for you to use. I've got no new act to amuse you.
I've got no desire to use you, you know.
But anything that I could do
Would never be
Good enough for you. If you can't help it, then just...
Leave it alone.
Leave it alone...
Yeah, just forget it.
It's really easy.
I believe I'll forget it too. Still, you're keeping me around
'Til I finally drag us both down!
Pulling feathers out your hat...
Yes, I believe that's where it's at. You belong tagging along,
And I belong in the zoo. (Ahhhhhh...) So I wait for confirmation
That you're never gonna use your starting gun.
Unless he's me, it sounds like
Being him just wasn't that much fun. Anything that I could do
Would never be
Good enough for you.
If you can't help it, then just...
Leave it alone.
Leave me alone...
Yeah, just forget it.
It's really easy, I'll just forget it too. Coast to coast... coast to coast... I'll do what I can so you can be what you do.
Coast to coast... coast to coast...
I'll do everything I can so you can be what you do.
Coast to coast... coast to coast... Circuit rider comes every fifth Sunday.
Oh my lord, I fell asleep one day. Anything that I could do...
Is there anything that I could do,
That someone doesn't do for you?
That someone didn't do for you?
That I've already done for you? 
 baby Britain feels the best
floating over a sea of vodka
separated from the rest
fights problems with bigger problems
sees the ocean fall and rise
counts the waves that somehow didn't hit her
water pouring from her eyes
alcoholic and very bitter for someone half as smart
you'd be a work of art
you put yourself apart
and I can't help until you start we knocked another couple back
the dead soldiers lined up on the table
still prepared for an attack
they didn't know they'd been disabled
felt a wave, a rush of blood
you won't be happy 'til the bottle's broken
and you're out swimming in the flood
you kept back you kept unspoken for someone half as smart
you'd be a work of art
you put yourself apart
and I can't help until you start you got a look in your eye
when you're saying goodbye
like you wanna say hi the light was on but it was dim
revolver's been turned over
and now it's ready once again
the radio was playing "Crimson And Clover"
London Bridge is safe and sound
no matter what you keep repeating
nothing's gonna drag me down
to a death that's not worth cheating for someone half as smart
you'd be a work of art
you put yourself apart
and I can't help until you start for someone half as smart
you'd be a work of art
you put yourself apart Everything's okay
walks along the dock
with some sailors pay
shoved down in his sock
everything's okay
with some little boy in blue
who don't know you like i do everything's okay
took him back to town
well i didn't get paid today
so i'm in the lost and found
and i wonder if that clown knows just what to do
what to say and what not to the pretty words that you whispered
maybe i misunderstood
somebody's not paying attention
what they promised and their word isn't good everything's okay
i'm looking for you now
down here by the bay
where the water pounds
up against the wall
that i'm coming to
because i can't stay away from you i don't need no satisfaction
and i don't take just because i can
sometimes i get a strong impression that you just don't understand
that kind of man everything's okay
i can see your face
don't there in the waves
painted and erased
but i'm told it's just the reflection of the moon
a big fake resembling you i'm gonna go down in the water
and fill my mouth up full of sand
and i'll be waiting still impatient with my dead imagination
while you're with some other man everything's okay
i'll be with you soon
i'm walking out to place
my arms around the moon
yeah, i'll be with you soon
just as i'm paid
i'll walk across the water
everything's okay
walk on the water
everything's okay Throwing candy out to the crowd
Dragging down the main
The helpless little thing with the dirty mouth
Who's always got something to say
You're sitting around at home now
Waiting for your brother to call
I saw him down in the alley
Having had enough of it all Said you can do what you want to
Whenever you want to
You can do what you want to
There's no one to stop you All spit and spite
You're up all night and down every day
A tired man with only hours to go
Just waiting to be taken away
Getting in to the back of a car
For candy from some stranger
Watching the parade with pinpoint eyes
Full of smoldering anger You can do what you want to
Whenever you want to
You can do what you want to
There's no one to stop you Now you can do what you want to
Whenever you want to
Do what you want to
Whenever you want to
Do what you want to
Whenever you want to
Though it doesn't mean a thing
Big nothing i'm waiting for the train
the subway that only goes one way
the stupid thing that will come to pull us apart
and make everybody late you spent everything you had
wanted everything to stop that bad
and now i'm a crushed credit card registered to smith
not the name that you call me with you turned white like a saint
i'm tired of dancing on a pot of gold flake paint
oh we're so very precious, you and i
and everything that you do makes me want to die oh i just told the biggest lie
i just told the biggest lie
the biggest lie Won't you let me walk you home from school?
Won't you let me meet you at the pool?
Maybe Friday I can
Get tickets for the dance
And I'll take you.
Mm, hmm. Won't you tell your Dad, get off my back?
Tell him what we said 'bout "Paint It Black".
Rock and roll is here to stay.
Well, come inside now it's okay
And I'll shake you.
Mm, hmm. Won't you tell me what you're thinking of?
Would you be an outlaw for my love?
If it's so, well let me know.
If it's no, well I can go.
I won't make you.
Mm, hmm. You asked me to come down and watch the parade
to march down the street like the Duracell bunny
but we get away from the cavalcade
throwing out candy that looks like money
to people passing by
they'd all seem to be going the other way So won't you follow me down to the Rose Parade? Tripped over a dog in a choke-chain collar
People were shouting and pushing and saying
they'd traded a smoke for a food stamp dollar Ridiculous marching band started playing
got me singing along
with some half-hearted victory song So won't you follow me down to the Rose Parade? The trumpet has obviously been drinking
cause he's fucking up even the simplest lines
You say it's a sight that's quite worth seeing
It's just that everyone's interest is stronger than mine
When they clean the street, I'll be the only shit that's left behind So won't you follow me down to the Rose Parade? he played himself
didn't need me to give him help
he could be cool, cruel to you and me
knew we'd put up with anything
I wanna hurt him
I wanna give him pain
I'm a Roman candle
my head is full of flames
I'm hallucinating, hallucinating
I hear you cry
your tears, cheap
wet hot red swollen cheeks 
fall asleep
I wanna hurt him
I wanna give him pain
I'm a Roman candle
my head is full of flames
I wanna hurt him
I wanna hurt him
I wanna hurt him
I wanna give him pain he can feel this pretty burn [Instrumental] I'm floating in a black balloon
O.D. on Easter afternoon
My mama told me, "Baby stay clean,
there's no in between." But all you ladies and you gentlemen
Between's all you've ever seen or been
Fit poorly and arrange the sight
Doll it up in virgin white You disappoint me
You people raking in on the world
The Devil's scrip sells
You the heart of a blackbird Shine on me baby
'Cause it's raining in my heart Sun's rising on a choppy glare
Rain dropping acid bought up in the air
A distorted reality is now a necessity
To be free It's so disappointing
At first I put it all down to luck
God knows why my
Country don't give a fuck, fuck Shine on me baby
'Cause it's raining in my heart
Shine on me baby
'Cause it's raining in my heart I'll fake it through the day with some help
From johnny walker red, and the cold pain behind my eyes
That shoots back through my head,
With two tickets torn in half in a lot with nothing to do,
But its alright cause some enchanted night i'll be with you. Tarot cards and the lines in my hand
Tell me i'm wrong but they're untrue. I got plans for both of us that involve a trip out of town
To a place i've seen in a magazine that you left lying around,
I can't hold my liquor but I keep a good attitude
Cause its alright some enchanted night i'll be with you. And though you'd rather see me gone then to see that
Come the day, ill be waiting for you anyway. Next on the tv flashing blue frames on the wall,
Its a comedy from the seventies with a lead no one recalls.
He vanished into oblivion its easy to do,
And I cried a sea when you talked to me
The day you said we were through
But its alright, some enchanted night i'll be with you alphabet city is haunted
constantina feels right at home
she probably won't say you're wrong
but you're already wrong
you're already wrong
and you threw up whatever she shot down
said show me around this alphabet town
said show me around
there's a name you keep repeating
you got nothing better to do
and you're with someone who'll hear you say it and just not mind
her hand on your arm
her hand on your arm
she put her hand on your arm
and told you her name you can't pronounce it
i'll show you around this alphabet town
i'll show you around this alphabet town
i know what you are
i just don't mind
i won't say you're wrong
i know what you want
and it's what i want
so let's go out
i'm ready to go out
i'll show you around this alphabet town
i'll show you around this alphabet town The Litebrite's now black and white
'Cause they took apart a picture that wasn't right
Pitch burning on a shining sheet
The only maker that you'd want to meet A dying man in a living room
Whose shadow paces the floor
He'll take you out any open door This is not my life
It's just a fond farewell to a friend
It's not what I'm like
It's just a fond farewell to a friend
Who couldn't get things right
Fond farewell to a friend He said really I just wanna dance
Good and evil matched perfect it's a great romance
I can deal with some psychic pain
If it'll slow down my higher brain Veins full of disappearing ink
Vomiting in the kitchen sink
Disconnecting from the missing link This is not my life
It's just a fond farewell to a friend
It's not what I'm like
It's just a fond farewell to a friend
Who couldn't get things right
Fond farewell to a friend I see you're leaving me and taking up with the enemy
The cold comfort of the in between
A little less than a human being
A little less than a happy high
A little less than a suicide
The only things that you really tried This is not my life
It's just a fond farewell to a friend
It's not what I'm like
It's just a fond farewell to a friend
Who couldn't get things right
Fond farewell to a friend Someone found the future as a statue in a fountain
At attention looking backward in a pool of water
Wishes with a blue songbird on his shoulder
Who keeps singing over everything Everything means nothing to me
Everything means nothing to me
Everything means nothing to me I picked up the song and found my picture in the paper
The reflection in the water showed an iron man still
Trying to salute people from a time when he was
Everything he's supposed to be Everything means nothing to me
Everything means nothing to me
Everything means nothing to me Something's happening
Don't speak to soon
I told the boss off and made my move
Got no where to go Son of Sam, son of that shining path, the clouded mind
Couple killer each and every time I'm not uncomfortable, feeling weird
Long revered options disappear
But I know what to do Son of Sam, son of a doctor's touch, a nurse's love
Acting under orders from above King for a day Son of Sam, son of that shining path, the clouded mind
Couple killer running out of time Shiva opens her arms now
To make sure I don't get too far
I may talk in my sleep tonight cause I don't know what I am
I'm a little like you, more like Son of Sam You're everybody's second home
Always trying to get me alone
An easy way to lose it all
Always there when all else fails
Over by the west side rails But I don't really need that now
I never really did anyhow
I only really needed alcohol
Something that'll treat me okay
And wouldn't say the things you'd say Please turn out the light
I get a sick confusion headache trying to figure out who's right Dreaming on the silver strand
Waking up to plainclothes man
You little bastard, little boy in blue
Someone's gonna get to you
And fuck up everything you do He's so unhappy inside
He's serious with everyone
And he thinks he'll win you with his angry kiss
Acting like he has no needs
Wanting you to watch him bleed Made for each other bet you pay me any mind
Just goes to show my continual decline
They say that I'll recover my love of her once in a while
But I don't know
I don't think so... There's something that I'll tell you now
Now that no one else is around
The sort of lesson that I learned from you
Not quite the way you planned
But I know you'll understand Someone takes a photograph
A picture while their sweetheart laughs
A perfect moment in a flash of light
Counting back from 3 to 1
That's exactly what you've done And I'm so unsurprised
I remember, I remember why I dream in black & white Goes to show my continual decline
They say that I'll recover my love of her once in a while
But I don't know
I don't think so
I don't think so... I've been outside
Invited in
But I couldn't abide
I went missing again Burning every bridge that I cross
To find some beautiful place to get lost I had true love.
I made it die.
I pushed her away.
She said, "please stay" Burning every bridge that I cross.
To find some beautiful place to get lost.
To find some beautiful place to get lost. I don't know where I'll go now
And I don't really care who follows me there.
But I'll burn every bridge that I cross
And find some beautiful place to get lost.
And find some beautiful place to get lost. Everything is gone but the echo of the burst of a shell
And I'm stuck here waiting for a passing feeling In the city I built up and blew to hell
I'm stuck here waiting for a passing feeling Still I send all the time
My request for relief
Down a dead power line
Though I'm beyond belief In the help I require
Just to exist at all
Took a long time to stand
Took an hour to fall I'm stuck here waiting for a passing feeling
Stuck here waiting for a passing feeling Still I send all the time
My request for relief
Down a dead power line
Though I'm beyond belief In the help I require
Just to exist at all
Took a long time to stand
Took an hour to fall I'll tell you why I
Don't want to know where you are
I got a joke I've been
Dying to tell you A silent kid is looking
Down the barrel
To make the noise that I
Kept so quiet Kept it from you, Pitseleh I'm not what's missing
From your life now
I could never be the
Puzzle pieces They say that God makes problems
Just to see what you could stand
Before you do as the
Devil pleases Give up the thing you love No one deserves it The first time I saw you
I knew it would never last
I'm not half what I
Wish I was I'm so angry
I don't think it'll ever pass
And I was bad news for you
Just because
I never meant to hurt you He's pleased to meet you underneath the horse
In the cathedral with the glass stained black
Singing sweet high notes that echo back
To destroy their master May be a long time til you get the call-up
But it's sure as fate and hard as your luck
No one'll know where you are It's just a brief smile crossing your face
Running speed trials still standing in place When the socket's not a shock enough
You little child what makes you think you're tough
When all the people you think you're above
They all know what's the matter You're such a pinball, yeah, you know it's true
There's always something you come back running to
To follow the path of no resistance It's just a brief smile crossing your face
Running speed trials standing in place It's just a brief smile crossing your face
Running speed trials all over the place {instrumental} Everything is exactly right
When I walk around here drunk every night
With an open container from 7-11
in St. Ides heaven
I've been out haunting the neighborhood
and everybody can see I'm no good
When I'm walking out between parked cars
with my head full of stars
High on amphetamenes
the moon is a light bulb breaking
it'll go around with anyone, but it won't come down for anyone
You think you know what brings me down
that I want those things you could never allow
you see me smiling you think it's a frown, turned upside down
Cos everyone is a fucking pro
and they all got answers from the trouble they know
and they all say what you should and shouldn't do
though they don't have a clue
High on amphetamenes
the moon is a light bulb breaking
it'll go around with anyone
but it won't come down for anyone
and I won't come down for anyone I had tender feelings that you made hard
But it's your heart, not mine, that's scarred
So when i go home, i'll be happy to go
You're just somebody that i used to know You don't need my help anymore
It's all now to you, there ain't no before
Now that you're big enough to run your own show
You're just somebody that i used to know I watched you deal in a dying day
And throw a living past away
So you can be sure that you're in control
You're just somebody that i used to know I know you don't think you did me wrong
And i can't stay this mad for long
Keeping a hold on what you just let go
You're just somebody that I used to know Figure eight is double four
Figure four is half of eight
If you skate you would be great
If you could make a figure eight
That's a circle that turns round upon itself Figure eight is two times four
Four times four is two times eight
If you skate upon thin ice
You'd be wise if you thought twice
Before you made another single move Sunshine, been keeping me up for days
There is no night time, it's only a passing phase
And I feel pretty, pretty enough for you
I felt so ugly before, I didn't know what to do Sometimes is all I feel up to now
But it's not worth it to you
'Cos you gotta get out somehow Is it the destruction that you require to feel?
Like somebody wants you
Someone that's more for real Sunshine, been keeping me up for days
There is no night time, only a passing phase
And I'll feel pretty, another hour or two
I felt so ugly before
(Ugly before)
I didn't know what to do
(Do)
I felt so ugly before
(Ugly before)
I didn't know what to do
(Do)
I felt so ugly before
(Ugly before)
I didn't know what to do
(Do)
Ugly before
(Ugly before)
(Do) There was a grown man dying from fright
There was a grown man dying from fright
So surprised at the things he'd say
With a giant fantasy life
Runnin 'round on feet of clay Naked except for a perpetual debt
That couldn't be stripped away
An unrightable wrong that moved him along
Closer to division day Spent a long time living with that
Never could give it a name
And when you don't know what you're looking at
It makes it much harder to take Mostly they'd meet when he was asleep
And have some sick exchange
That stuck him as wrong and moved him along
Closer to division day I can't make an exception for a bad Connection
That only goes one way
Sell out for a song where I don't belong
With you on division day The moon stood up on the ridge
Looking down where the water shines
And a man looking over the bridge
Like he done so many times Thinking about how to stay out
Out of troubles way
And Flying to fall away from you all
It's over division day
Beautiful division day Thinking about how to stay out
Out of troubles way
Flying to fall away from you all
It's over division day
Beautiful division day i got a question mark
you got a need to always take some shot in the dark
i don't have to make pretend the picture i'm in is totally clear
you think that all things have a way they ought to appear
'cos you know you know you know you know
you know you know you know you know you know
i don't
i dream
don't know what you mean
panic called you out and took you in
giving you an easy game and letting you win
you're giving back a little hatred now to the world
'cos it treated you bad
'cos you couldn't keep the great unknown from making you mad
'cos you know you know you know you know
you know you know you know you know you know
i don't
i dream
don't know what you mean
said your final word, but honesty and love could've kept us together
one day you'll see it's worth it after all
if you ever want to say you're sorry you can give me a call They're waking you up to close the bar
the street's wet you can tell by the sound of the cars
the bartender's singing Clementine
while he's turning around the open sign
dreadful sorry Clementine Though you're still her man
it seems a long time gone
maybe the whole thing's wrong
what if she thinks so but just didn't say so? You drank yourself into slow-mo
made an angel in the snow
anything to pass the time
and keep that song out of your mind Oh my darling, oh my darling, oh my darling
Clementine
Dreadful sorry
Clementine Here come your pride and joy
The comic little drunk
You call your boy
Making everybody smile
Who takes your pretty plan
And then becomes a disappearing man
After a little while I saw you with your make-up running down
Now what's that all about
You say you don't want anyone around
Cause you're all cleaned out You toss the empty beer
Not really as composed as you appear
An icicle inside
Wearing clothes that clash
Wondering is this treasure, is this trash
Still trying to decide
About 5 o'clock here comes your clown
With the foot he's throwing down But all you say is you don't want anyone around
Come not right now
There ain't nothing to dream
You don't want to think about it I'm sorry you seem so stumped
And I'm sorry you think you have to hold your tongue
When your so pretty and smart
I'm seeing you caving in
Becoming afraid of all these men
That you've given your heart I saw you with your make up running down
Now what's that all about
You say you don't want anyone around
Cause you're cleaned out
All cleaned out
All cleaned out I got a choke chain
Made out of nightrain
To keep your memory down,
In quicksand from the main man,
To drown everything out. We were out on a joyride
Fucked up from insides,
Always at a dead stall,
From sticking pins in a miniature man
Who can't feel it at all. See you later,
See you later
If I see you at all,
See you later. Walk through thick mud
Looking for new blood,
Thinking I heard your name,
Cruel imagination still giving me pain,
Just to find you with your masterminder
Running your affairs,
Saying how you're better now
Since it killed all your other cares. See you later,
See you later,
If I see you at all,
See you later,
See you later,
If I see you at all,
See you later,
See you later,
If I see you at all,
See you later Dragged down into lowercase
Trying to get your cops to talk right
But they can't put the paper in your face
You're just trying to walk by So now I got a new game baby
No one's gonna recognize it
Your broken English over their flat, tired remarks
Still trying to bring some dead beauty back to life Isn't it pretty?
Yeah
I'm gonna see my city dead I can do everything that your man does except for better
Got no interest now in undressing your kids
With cheap angst love letters
You write your name in all of the places no one goes
Some can't be satisfied until everybody knows Isn't it pretty?
Yeah
I'm gonna see my city dead Isn't it pretty?
Yeah
I'm gonna see my city dead (come on)
Isn't it pretty?
Yeah
I'm gonna see my city dead Wide awake at 4 in the morning
Killing time on the blue highway
Drag in the day like a body
Burried the night under where I'd layed
On all the sides, the frost bites, a shadow creeping up on me Oh yeah, it's like the club in my hand
It's my favourite brand
And you've touched everyone
Oh yeah, it's like the back of your hand on the tip of my tongue
And it's starting to get fun Kids say I didn't see it coming
Busy just plucking your burrs
I take long walkes cos they're numbing
Only wanna speak in code
On all sides, the frost bites, a shadow creeping up on me Oh yeah it's like the club in my hand
It's your favourite brand
And you've touched everyone
Oh yeah it's like the back of your hand on the tip of my tongue
And it's starting to get fun Cut me up like a jigsaw, whole reflection cracked apart
Like the lines on my hand or the map of a broken heart Dragged down into lowercase
Trying to get your cops to talk right
But they can't put the paper in your face
You're just trying to walk by So now I got a new game baby
No one's gonna recognize it
Your broken English over their flat, tired remarks
Still trying to bring some dead beauty back to life Isn't it pretty?
Yeah
I'm gonna see my city dead I can do everything that your man does except for better
Got no interest now in undressing your kids
With cheap angst love letters
You write your name in all of the places no one goes
Some can't be satisfied until everybody knows Isn't it pretty?
Yeah
I'm gonna see my city dead Isn't it pretty?
Yeah
I'm gonna see my city dead (come on)
Isn't it pretty?
Yeah
I'm gonna see my city dead You walk down Alameda
Shuffling your deck of trick cards over everyone
Like some precious only son
Face down, bow to the champion You walk down Alameda
Looking at the cracks in the sidewalk
Thinking about your friends
How you maintain all them in
A constant state of suspense For your own protection over their affection
Nobody broke your heart You broke your own
Because you can't finish what you start
Walk down Alameda brushing off the nightmares you wish
Could plague me when I'm awake
And now you see your first mistake
Was thinking that you could relate
For one or two minutes she liked you
But the fix is in You're all pretension
I never pay attention
Nobody broke your heart You broke your own
Because you can't finish what you start
Nobody broke your heart
You broke your own
Because you can't finish what you start
Nobody broke your heart
You broke your own
Because you can't finish what you start
Nobody broke your heart
If you're alone it must be you that wants to be apart I never really had a problem because of leaving
But everything reminds me of her this evening
So if I seem a little out of it, sorry
But why should I lie, everything reminds me of her The spin of the earth impaled a silhouette of the sun on the steeple
And I gotta hear the same sermon all the time now from you people
Why are you staring into outer space crying?
Just because you came across it and lost it Everything reminds me of her
Everything reminds me of her
Everything reminds me of her Concrete hands picked up the telephone ring
Do you know who you're talking to?
No, and I don't care who She whispered quiet terror news
He didn't give a hoot
Said do what you have to do All she had to do was speak
Mouthpiece to cheek
Please, say no more
I'm lying here on the ground A strip of wet concrete
Her name was just a broken sound
A stutter step you hear when you're falling down Killing time won't stop this crying
Killing time won't stop this crying
Killing time won't stop this crying Better start watching what message that you send now
No more situations I only go in to be kicked out
He got knocked down leaning like he ran into a clothesline
He only remembered a couple of words that hid a crime
You're just fine, you'll be just fine, but I'm on the other line Killing time won't stop this crying
Killing time won't stop this crying
Killing time won't stop this crying For a change she got out before he hurt her bad
Took her records and clothes and pictures of her boy
It really made her sad, packed it up and didn't look back
I'm okay lets just forget all about him The car was cold and it's smelled like old cigarettes and pine
In her bag, I saw things
She drew when she was nine, like this one here
Her alone nobody near what a shame let's just not talk about it No, it doesn't look like you
But you did wear cowboy boots
That's your fame
There's no question about it Once we got back inside with one into the ground
I was ready to hide
'Cos I don't know who's around
And you look scared It's our secret do not tell okay?
Let's just not talk about it
Don't tell okay
Let's just forget all about it Got bitten fingernails and a head full of the past
And everybody's gone at last
A sweet sweet smile that's fading fast
'Cause everybody's gone at last Don't get upset about it
No not anymore
There's nothing wrong
That wasn't wrong before Had a second alone with a chance let pass
And everybody's gone at last Well I hope you're not waiting
Waiting around for me
Because I'm not going anywhere, obviously Got a broken heart and your name on my cast
And everybody's gone at last
Everybody's gone at last One more little one
I'll go down
And stay down
And sleep the rest of the day Dream new music
To calm down
And stay down
And keep evil away I can hear you asleep
Changing your shape
Dissolved in some dream As a new one appears
To take you along
Where you've never been 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7
Moonlight tonight Seems to belong to me 'cause I
Even though soon can sleep
I need some company One hit wouldn't hurt a bit
I'll slow down and sleep
The rest of the time If it's good shit
You won't know
And I won't know
The fact that I'm dying If I seem to be reckless with myself
It's the fault of no one All things have a place
Under the moon
As well as the sun One more little one I love you I love my room, yeah, I really do I can just come right in and sit right down
and open my window and see the town.
I love my room yeah, I hope you like it, too.
I love to open the shudders wide in the summertime
I only dream when she comes out at night.
I sleep in attempt just to never feel right,
but, getting my mind to rest takes a lot of time.
They tried to keep us on a tether.
They thought that we had come to watch the leather
All I wanted was a plurality
and all I ever get is everything but company, yeah.
I love my room, nana na na
I love my room, yeah, I really do.
Sometimes, i'll smoke a cigarette,
but, be careful so the ashes don't collect in my room.
I love my room, yeah, I hope you like it, too.
I love to, in the darkness, hide after closing time
I was gonna tell you but I lost my senses,
I forgot my grammar, I was so tenseless.
There was this beautiful story...
Now, it all comes back to me:
Everybody walked in a pack and
everyone was neckless together...
I pulled the fire alarm, yeah
but, I couldn't survive the weather.
When I was 13, I was in a marching band,
there were so many loved ones,
they used to flock around me,
and tell me all my plans.
They all love my hands.
I love my room. As transcribed with love by Kyle Stetler Activity's killing the actor,
and a cop's standing out in the road, turning traffic away.
There was nothing she could do until after,
when his body'd been buried below
way back in the day.
Oh my, nothing else could've been done,
he made his life a lie so, he might never have to know anyone,
made his life the lie you know.
I told him that he shouldn't upset her,
and that he'd only be making it worse involving somebody else.
But I knew that he'd never forget her,
while her memory worked in reverse to keep her safe from herself. And oh my, nothing else could've been done,
she made her life a lie so, she might never have to know anyone,
made her life the lie you know.
What I used to be will pass away and then you'll see,
that all I want now is happiness for you and me.
What I used to be to be will pass away and then you'll see,
that all I want now is happiness for you and me.
What I used to be to be will pass away and then you'll see,
that all I want now is happiness for you and me.
All I want now is happiness for you and me Start stop and start
Stupid acting smart
Flirting with the flicks
You say it's just for kicks
You'll be the victim of your
Own dirty tricks
You've got yourself to tease
And displease Doors swinging wide
You walked in to hide
Looking at your feet
Failure's complete
Saw you and me on the
Coin-op t.v.
Frozen in fear
Everytime we got near I'm not surprised at all
And really, why should I be?
See nothing wrong, see nothing wrong
So sick and tired of all these pictures of me
Completely wrong, totally wrong see you walking by, with another guy
Jailer who sells, personal hells,
Who'd like to see me down on
My fucking knees
Everybody's dying just to
Get the disease I'm not surprised at all
And really, why should I be?
See nothing wrong, see nothing wrong
So sick and tired of all these pictures of me
Completely wrong, totally wrong I'm not surprised at all
And really, why should I be?
See nothing wrong, see nothing wrong
So sick and tired of all these pictures of me
Completely wrong, totally wrong Every time the day darkens down and goes away
Pictures open in my head of me and you
Silent and cliche
All the things we did and didn't say
Covered up by what we did and didn't do
Going through every out i used to cop to make the repetition stop
What was I supposed to say? Now I never leave my zone
We're both alone
I'm going home
I wish I'd never seen your face Drink up baby, stay up all night
With the things you could do, you won't but you might
The potential you'll be
that you'll never see
The promises you'll only make
drink up with me now
forget all about
the pressure of days
do what i say
& ill make you ok
drive them away
the image is stuck in your head People you've been before
that you don't want around anymore
That push and shove
and won't bend to your will
I'll keep them still drink up baby
look at the stars
ill kiss you again
between the bars
where im seeing you there
with your hands in the air
waiting to finally be caught
drink up one more time
& ill make you mine
keep you apart
deep in my heart
seperate from the rest
but i like you the best
keep the things you forgot People you've been before
that you don't want around anymore
That push and shove
and won't bend to your will
I'll keep them still he held his breath to hold your hand
to walk the stairsteps in pairs
climbing up a slippery slope
im in love, love i hope
dont go home angelina
stay with me, hanging around the lost and found
kissed you quick feeling weird
lonely leeved and disappointed
this is such a simple place
passing time cant erase
dont go home angelina paint tomorrow blue
day breaks and every morning when he wakes he thinks of you
im alone, thats okay, i dont mind
most of the time
i dont feel afraid to die
she was here passing by
dont go home angelina
stay with me, hanging around in the lost and found
stay with me, hanging around in the lost and found You shouldn't talk to your yourself
Well, I pictured somebody else
Someone that looks like
What I look like Would you say that one of your dreams
Got in you and ripped out the seams?
Thats what I'd say
Thats what I'd say He was a sucker for your double-dose
Motherfucker turned white as a ghost
Don't you say hi
Don't you say hi With a broken sink for a face
And a head that just takes up space
He's not half right
He's not half right It's already half past
And it won't last I was sticking up for my friend
When there's nothing much to defend
It's a lost fight
It's a lost fight 'Cause when I talk to you on the phone
Well, it's just like being alone
It's not half right
It's not half right I'm going out sleepwalking
Where mute memories start talking
The boss that couldn't help but hurt you
And the pretty thing he made desert you I'm going out like a baby
A nave unsatisfiable baby
Grabbing onto whatever's around
For the soaring high or the crushing down
With hidden cracks that don't show
But that constantly just grow I'm looking for the man that attacked me
While everybody was laughing at me
You beat it in me that part of you
But I'm gonna split us back in two
Tired of living in a cloud
If you're gonna say shit now you'll do it out loud It's 2: 45 in the morning
And I'm putting myself on warning
For waking up in an unknown place
With a recollection you've half erased
Looking for somebody's arms to
Wave away past harms I'm walking out on center circle
The both of you can just fade to black
I'm walking out on center circle
Been pushed away and I'll never go back You asked me to come down and watch the parade
to march down the street like the Duracell bunny
but we get away from the cavalcade
throwing out candy that looks like money
to people passing by
they'd all seem to be going the other way So won't you follow me down to the Rose Parade? Tripped over a dog in a choke-chain collar
People were shouting and pushing and saying
they'd traded a smoke for a food stamp dollar Ridiculous marching band started playing
got me singing along
with some half-hearted victory song So won't you follow me down to the Rose Parade? The trumpet has obviously been drinking
cause he's fucking up even the simplest lines
You say it's a sight that's quite worth seeing
It's just that everyone's interest is stronger than mine
When they clean the street, I'll be the only shit that's left behind So won't you follow me down to the Rose Parade? You're strong, you're stubborn now
In an endless symbolic war
Brave or bored, either/or Sometimes I ricochet from the past
And at times a future I've already had before
Champion or chore, either/or I'll write the pages you rip out, back in their places again
One day you'll know what you're talking about
I can hardly imagine, but until then I'll be Filling in these blanks that you create
Every time you win some petty score
Posing as hardcore, oh yeah, either/or Look at the spin chief, battered and broken
Clutching a plastic rose
We're all in the downpour you carry around for
Trashing a lifestyle you've never known It's a useful dream that makes
Quite an entertaining show and not much more
Up against and for, either/or 