Next time you're found
With your chin on the ground
There a lot to be learned
So look around Just what makes that little old ant
Think he'll move that rubber tree plant
Anyone knows an ant, can't
Move a rubber tree plant But he's got high hopes
He's got high hopes
He's got high apple pie
In the sky hopes So any time you're gettin' low
'Stead of lettin' go, just remember that ant
Oops, there goes another rubber tree plant
Oops, there goes another rubber tree plant
Oops, there goes another rubber tree plant When troubles call
And your back's to the wall
There a lot to be learned
That wall could fall Once there was a silly old ram
Thought he'd punch a hole in a dam
No one could make that ram, scram
He kept buttin' that dam 'Cause he had high hopes
He had high hopes
He had high apple pie
In the sky hopes So any time you're feelin' bad
'Stead of feelin' sad, just remember that ram
Oops, there goes a billion kilowatt dam
Oops, there goes a billion kilowatt dam
Oops, there goes a billion kilowatt dam All problems just a toy balloon
They'll be bursted soon, they're just bound to go pop
Oops, there goes another problem kerplop
Oops, there goes another problem kerplop
Oops, there goes another problem kerplop, kerplop Next time you're found
With your chin on the ground
There a lot to be learned
So look around Just what makes that little old ant
Think he'll move that rubber tree plant
Anyone knows an ant, can't
Move a rubber tree plant But he's got high hopes
He's got high hopes
He's got high apple pie
In the sky hopes So any time you're gettin' low
'Stead of lettin' go, just remember that ant
Oops, there goes another rubber tree plant
Oops, there goes another rubber tree plant
Oops, there goes another rubber tree plant When troubles call
And your back's to the wall
There a lot to be learned
That wall could fall Once there was a silly old ram
Thought he'd punch a hole in a dam
No one could make that ram, scram
He kept buttin' that dam 'Cause he had high hopes
He had high hopes
He had high apple pie
In the sky hopes So any time you're feelin' bad
'Stead of feelin' sad, just remember that ram
Oops, there goes a billion kilowatt dam
Oops, there goes a billion kilowatt dam
Oops, there goes a billion kilowatt dam All problems just a toy balloon
They'll be bursted soon, they're just bound to go pop
Oops, there goes another problem kerplop
Oops, there goes another problem kerplop
Oops, there goes another problem kerplop, kerplop L is for the way you look at me
O is for the only one I see
V is very, very extraordinary
E is even more than anyone that you adore can Love is all that I can give to you
Love is more than just a game for two
Two in love can make it
Take my heart and please don't break it
Love was made for me and you L is for the way you look at me
O is for the only one I see
V is very, very extraordinary
E is even more than anyone that you adore can Love is all that I can give to you
Love is more than just a game for two
Two in love can make it
Take my heart and please don't break it
Love was made for me and you
Love was made for me and you
Love was made for me and you
Love was made for me and you Start spreading the news
I am leaving today
I want to be a part of it
New York, New York These vagabond shoes
Are longing to stray
Right through the very heart of it
New York, New York I wanna wake up, in a city
That doesn't sleep
And find I'm king of the hill
Top of the heap This little town blues
Are melting away
I'll make a brand new start of it
In old New York If I can make it there
I'll make it anywhere
It's up to you
New York, New York New York, New York
I want to wake up in that city
That never sleeps
And find I'm hey number one
Top of the list
King of the hill
Hey number one These are little town blues
They have all melted away
I'm gonna make a brand new start of it
In old New York
And I
If I can make it there
I'm gonna make it anywhere
It's up to you
New York, New York, New York And now the end is near
And so I face the final curtain
My friend, I'll say it clear
I'll state my case of which I'm certain I've lived a life that's full
I've travelled each and every highway
and more, much more than this
I did it my way Regrets I've had a few
But then again too few to mention
I did what I had to do
And saw it through without exemption I planned each chartered course
Each careful step along the by-way
And more, much more than this
I did it my way Yes, there were times
I'm sure you knew
When I bit off more than I could chew
But through it all when there was doubt
I ate it up and spit it out
I faced it all And I stood tall
And did it my way
I've loved, I've laughed, and cried
I've had my fill, my share of losing And now, as tears subside
I find it all so amusing
To think I did all that
And may I say, not in a shy way "Oh no, oh no, not me
I did it my way"
For what is a man, what has he got?
If not himself then he has naught
To say the things he truly feels
And not the words of one who kneels
The record shows I took the blows
And did it my way
Yes, it was my way Somewhere beyond the sea
Somewhere waitin' for me
My lover stands on golden sand
And watches the ships that go sailin' Somewhere beyond the sea
She's there watchin' for me
If I could fly like birds on high
Then straight to her arms I'd go sailin' It's far beyond the star
It's near beyond the moon
I know beyond a doubt
My heart will lead me there soon We'll meet beyond the shore
We'll kiss just as before
Happy we'll be, beyond the sea
And never again I'll go sailin' I know beyond a doubt,
My heart will lead me there soon
We'll meet, I know we'll meet
Beyond the shore
We'll kiss just as before
Happy we'll be, beyond the sea
And never again I'll go sailin' (No more sailin')
(So long sailin')
(Byebye sailin') I know I stand in line,
until you think you have the time
to spend an evening with me.
And if we go some place to dance,
I know that there's a chance
you won't be leaving with me.
And afterwards we drop into a quiet little place
and have a drink or two.
And then I go and spoil it all,
by saying something stupid
like: "I love you."
I can see it in your eyes,
that you despise the same old lies
you heard the night before. And though it's just a line to you,
for me it's true,
it never seemed so right before.
I practice every day to find some clever lines to say,
to make the meaning come true.
But then I think I'll wait
until the evening gets late,
and I'm alone with you.
The time is right, your perfume fills my head,
the stars get red,
and oh, the night's so blue.
And then I go and spoil it all,
by saying something stupid
like: "I love you."
The time is right, your perfume fills my head,
the stars get red,
and oh, the night's so blue.
And then I go and spoil it all,
by saying something stupid
like: "I love you."
"i love you"
"i love you"
"i love you" That's life (that's life), that's what all the people say
You're ridin' high in April, shot down in May
But I know I'm gonna change that tune
When I'm back on top, back on top in June I said that's life (that's life), and as funny as it may seem
Some people get their kicks stompin' on a dream
But I don't let it, let it get me down
'cause this fine old world, it keeps spinnin' around I've been a puppet, a pauper, a pirate, a poet, a pawn and a king
I've been up and down and over and out and I know one thing
Each time I find myself flat on my face
I pick myself up and get back in the race That's life (that's life), I tell you I can't deny it
I thought of quitting, baby, but my heart just ain't gonna buy it
And if I didn't think it was worth one single try
I'd jump right on a big bird and then I'd fly I've been a puppet, a pauper, a pirate, a poet, a pawn and a king
I've been up and down and over and out and I know one thing
Each time I find myself layin' flat on my face
I just pick myself up and get back in the race That's life (that's life), that's life and I can't deny it
Many times I thought of cuttin' out but my heart won't buy it
But if there's nothin' shakin' come this here July
I'm gonna roll myself up in a big ball a-and die My, my! Some day, when I'm awfully low
When the world is cold
I will feel a glow just thinking of you
And the way you look tonight Yes, you're lovely, with your smile so warm
And your cheeks so soft
There is nothing for me but to love you
And the way you look tonight With each word your tenderness grows
Tearin' my fear apart
And that laugh.wrinkles your nose
Touches my foolish heart Lovely ... Never, never change
Keep that breathless charm
Won't you please arrange it? 'cause I love you
Just the way you look tonight And that laugh that wrinkles your nose
It touches my foolish heart Lovely ... Don't you ever change
Keep that breathless charm
Won't you please arrange it? 'cause I love you
a-just the way you look tonight Mm, Mm Mm, Mm,
Just the way you look tonight She gets too hungry for dinner at eight
She likes the theatre and never comes late
She never bothers with people she'd hate
That's why the lady is a tramp Doesn't like crap games with barons or earls
Won't go to Harlem in ermine and pearls
Won't dish the dirt with the rest of the girls
That's why the lady is a tramp She likes the free, fresh wind in her hair
Life without care
She's broke, and it's "ok" Hates California, it's cold and it's damp
That's why the lady is a tramp She gets too hungry to wait for dinner at eight
She loves the theatre but never comes late
She'd never bother with people she'd hate
That's why the lady is a tramp She'll have no crap games with sharpies and frauds
And she won't go to Harlem in Lincolns or Fords
And she won't dish the dirt with the rest of the broads
That's why the lady is a tramp She'd love the free, fresh wind in her hair
Life without care
She's broke, but it's *"ok"* Hates California, it's so cold and so damp
That's why the lady
That's why the lady
That's why the lady is a tramp I'll be seeing you,
In all the old familiar places,
That this heart of mine embraces,
All day through. In that small cafe,
The park across the way,
The children's carousel,
The chestnut trees the wishing well. I'll be seeing you in every lovely summer's day and,
Everything that's light and gay,
I'll always think of you that way,
I'll find you in the morning sun,
And when the night is new,
I'll be looking at the moon,
I'll be seeing you. Yes I'll be seeing you in every lovely summer's day,
And everything that's light and gay,
I'll always think of you that way,
I will find you in the morning sun and,
when the night is new,
I'll be looking at the moon,
While I'll be seeing you.
Yes I will dig you in the early bright and
When the night is new
I'll be looking at the moon
I'll be looking but I'll be seeing you Like the beat beat beat of the tom-tom
When the jungle shadows fall
Like the tick tick tock of the stately clock
As it stands against the wall
Like the drip drip drip of the raindrops
When the summer shower is through
So a voice within me keeps repeating you, you, you Night and day
You are the one
Only you beneath the moon and under the sun
Whether near to me or far
It's no matter, darling, where you are
I think of you
Day and night Night and day
Why is it so
That this longing for you follows wherever I go?
In the roarin' traffic's boom
In the silence of my lonely room
I think of you
Day and night Night and day
Under the hide of me
There's an oh such a hungry yearnin' burnin' inside of me
And its torment won't be through
'Til you let me spend my life making love to you
Day and night
Night and day Night and day
You are one
Only you 'neath the moon or under the sun
Whether near to me or far
It's no matter, baby, where you are
I think of you
Day and night Night and day
Why is it so
That this longing for you follows wherever I go
In the roarin' traffic's boom
In the silence of my lonely room
I think of you
Day and night Night and day
Under the height of me
There's an oh such a hungry yearnin' burnin' inside of me
And its torment won't be through
'Til you let me spend life making love to you
Day and night
Night and day You're just too good to be true
I can't take my eyes off of you
You'd be like heaven to touch
I wanna hold you so much
At long last love has arrived
and I thank God I'm alive
You're just too good to be true
can't take my eyes off of you
Pardon the way that I stare,
there's nothing else to compare
The sight of you leaves me weak
there are no words left to speak
But if you feel like I feel,
please let me know that it's real
You're just too good to be true,
can't take my eyes off of you
I love you baby and if it's quite all right,
I need you baby to warm the lonely nights
I love you baby trust in me when I say
Oh pretty baby don't bring me down I pray
Oh pretty baby now that I found you, stay
And let me love you baby, let me love you
You're just too good to be true
can't take my eyes off of you
You'd be like heaven to touch
I wanna hold you so much
At long last love has arrived
and I thank God I'm alive
You're just too good to be true
can't take my eyes off of you
I love you baby and if it's quite all right,
I need you baby to warm the lonely night
I love you baby trust in me when I say
Oh pretty baby don't bring me down I pray
Oh pretty baby now that I found you, stay
And let me love you baby, let me love you Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away
If you could use some exotic booze
There's a bar in far Bombay
Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away Come fly with me, let's float down to Peru
In llama-land there's a one-man band
And he'll toot his flute for you
Come on fly with me, let's take off in the blue Once I get you up there
Where the air is rarefied
We'll just glide
Starry-eyed
Once I get you up there
I'll be holding you so near
You may hear
all Angels cheer, 'cause we're together Weather-wise, it's such a lovely day
Just say the words and we'll beat the birds
Back to Acapulco Bay
It is perfect for a flying honeymoon, they say
Come fly with me, let's fly, let's fly away
Once I get you up there
Where the air is rarefied
We'll just glide
Starry-eyed
Once I get you up there
I'll be holding you so very near
You mite even hear
a hole gang cheer, 'cause we're together Weather-wise, it's such a Co co day
If you say those words, and we'll take the t birds
Back to Acapulco Bay
It is perfect for a flying honeymoon, they babe
Come fly with me, let's fly
Pack up, let's fly away Oh, it's a long, long while from May to December
But the days grow short when you reach September
And the autumn weather turns the leaves to flame
And I haven't got time for the waiting game And the days dwindle down to a precious few
September, November
And these few precious days, I'll spend with you
These precious days, I'll spend with you And the days dwindle down to a precious few
September, November
And these few precious days, I'll spend with you
These precious days, I'll spend with you All of me
Why not take all of me
Can't you see
I'm no good without you
Take my lips
I wanna lose them
Take my arms
I'll never use them
Your goodbye left me with eyes that cry
How can I get along without you
You took the part that ones was my heart
So why not, why not take all of me All of me
Come on get all of me
Can't you see
I'm just a mess without you
Take my lips
I wanna lose them
Get a piece of these arms
I'll never use them
Your goodbye left me with eyes that cry
How can I ever make it without you
You know you got the part
Used to be my heart
So why not, why not take all of me It had to be you
It had to be you
I wandered around
And finally found
The somebody who
Could make me be true Could make me be blue
Or even be glad
Just to be sad
Thinking of you Some others I've seen
Might never been mean
Might never be crossed
Or try to be bossed
But they wouldn't do For nobody else
Gave me a thrill
With all your faults
I love you still
It had to be you
Wonderful you
It had to be you Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Let your heart be light
From now on, all our troubles will be out of sight Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Make the yule-tide gay
From now on, our troubles will be miles away Here were are as in olden days
Happy golden days of yore
Faithful friends who are dear to us
Gather near to us once more Through the years we all will be together
If the fates allow
Hang a shining star upon the highest bough
And have yourself a merry little Christmas now Here we are as in olden days
Happy golden days Of yore
Faithful friends who are dear to us
Gather near to us once more Through the years we all will be together
If the fates allow
Hang a shining star upon the highest bough
And have yourself a merry little Christmas now
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas... I'm in the mood for love
Simply because you're near me
Funny, but when you're near me
I'm in the mood for love Heaven was in your eyes
Bright as the stars we're under
Oh, is it any wonder?
I'm in the mood for love Why should we think of weather?
This little dream might fade
We'll put our hearts together
Now we are one, I'm not afraid If there's a cloud above
If it should rain, we'll let it
But, for tonight, forget it
I'm in the mood So please don't keep me waiting
You'll never lose
My heart is yours for taking, darling
I'm in the mood for love When somebody loves you
It's no good unless he loves you all the way
Happy to be near you
When you need someone to cheer you all the way Taller than the tallest tree is
That's how it's got to feel
Deeper than the deep blue sea is
That's how deep it goes if it's real When somebody needs you
It's no good unless he needs you all the way
Through the good or lean years
And for all the in between years come what may Who knows where the road will lead us?
Only a fool would say
But if you'll let me love you
It's for sure I'm gonna love you all the way, all the way
So if you let me love you
It's for sure I'm gonna love you all the way, all the way Strangers in the night exchanging glances Wondering in the night
What were the chances we'd be sharing love
Before the night was through.
Something in your eyes was so inviting Something in your smile was so exciting
Something in my heart
Told me I must have you.
Strangers in the night Two lonely people we were strangers in the night
Up to the moment
When we said our first hello.
Little bit we know
Love was just a glance away
A warm embracing dance away, and
Ever since that night we've been together. Lovers at first sight, in love forever.
It turned out so right
For strangers in the night.
Love was just a glance away
A warm embracing dance away.
Ever since that night we've been together.
Lovers at first sight, in love forever.
It turned out so right
For strangers in the night. Besame, besame mucho,
Each time I cling to your kiss, I hear music divine,
Besame mucho,
Hold me my darling and say that you'll always be mine.
This joy is something new, my arms enfolding you,
Never knew this thrill before.
Whoever thought I'll be holding you close to me,
Whispering it's you I adore.
Dearest one, if you should leave me,
Each little dream would take wing and my life would be through.
Besame mucho, love me forever and make all my dreams come true.
Besame, besame mucho,
Como si fuera esta noche la ultima vez.
Besame, besame mucho,
Que tengo miedo tenerte y perderte depues.
Quiero tenerte muy cerca mirarme en tus ojos estar junto de ti.
Pienso que tal vez ma¤ana estarte muy lejos muy lejos de ti.
Besame, besame mucho,
Como si fuera esta noche la ultima vez.
Besame, besame mucho,
Que tengo miedo tenerte y perderte despues. Those fingers in my hair
That sly come hither stare
That strips my conscience bare
It's witchcraft. And I've got no defense for it
The heat is too intense for it.
What good would common sense for it do? 'Cause it's witchcraft
Wicked witchcraft
And although I know it's strictly taboo When you arouse the need in me
My heart says yes indeed in me
Proceed with what your leading me to It's such an ancient pitch
But one I wouldn't switch 'Cause there's no nicer witch than you **Instrumental break**
'Cause it's witchcraft
That crazy witchcraft And although I know it's strictly taboo
When you arouse the need in me
My heart says yes indeed in me
Proceed with what your leading me to...
It's such an ancient pitch
But one that I would never switch
'Cause there's no nicer witch than you The summer wind came blowin' in
From across the sea
It lingered there to touch your hair
And walk with me All summer long, we sang a song
And then we strolled that golden sand
Two sweethearts
And the summer wind Like painted kites
Those days and nights they went flyin' by
The world was new
Beneath a blue umbrella sky Then softer than a piper man
One day it called to you
I lost you, I lost you
To the summer wind The autumn wind and the winter winds
They have come and gone
And still the days, those lonely days
They go on and on And guess who sighs his lullabies
Through nights that never end
My fickle friend, the summer wind
The summer wind, warm summer wind, the summer wind I've got the world on a string
I'm sitting on a rainbow
Got the string around my finger
What a world, what a life, I'm in love I've got a song that I sing
I can make the rain go
Anytime I move my finger
Lucky me, can't you see, I'm in love Life's a wonderful thing
As long as, I hang on to the string
I'd be a silly so and so
If I should ever let it go
(You didn't go, don't you know, you can never let go) Got the world on a string
Sittin' on a rainbow
Got the string around my finger
What a world, what a life, I'm in love Life's a wonderful thing
(Life is a wonderful thing)
Long as I hang on to the string
I'd be a silly so and so
(I'd be a silly so and so)
If I should ever let it go
(Let go, let it go) I've got the world on a string
(And I've sitting on a rainbow)
Got that string around my finger
What a world
(What a world)
There ain't no other world like
(There ain't no public life)
Hey no Writer(s): leo robin/ralph rainger Thanks for the memory
Of things I can't forget
Journeys on a jet
Our wond'rous week in martinique
And vegas and roulette
How lucky I was And thanks for the memory
Of summers by the sea
Dawn in waikiki
We had a pad in london
But we didn't stop for tea
How cozy it was Now since our breakup I wake up
Alone on a gray morning-after
I long for the sound of your laughter
And then I see the laugh's on me But thanks for the memory
Of every touch a thrill
I've been through the mill
I've lived a lot and learned a lot
You loved me not and still
I miss you so much Thanks for the memory
Of how we used to jog
Even in a fog
That barbecue in malibu
Away from all the smog
How rainy it was Thanks for the memory
Of letters I destroyed
Books that we enjoyed
Tonight the way things look
I need a book by sigmund freud
How brainy he was Gone are those evenings on broadway
Together we'd go to a great show
But now I begin with the late show
And wish that you
Were watching, too I know it's a fallacy
That grown men never cry
Baby, that's a lie
We had our bed of roses
But forgot that roses die
And thank you so much When marimba rhythms start to play
Dance with me, make me sway
Like a lazy ocean hugs the shore
Hold me close, sway me more Like a flower bending in the breeze
Bend with me, sway with ease
When we dance you have a way with me
Stay with me, sway with me Other dancers may be on the floor
Dear, but my eyes will see only you
Only you have the magic technique
When we sway I go weak I can hear the sounds of violins
Long before it begins
Make me thrill as only you know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now Other dancers may be on the floor
Dear, but my eyes will see only you
Only you have the magic technique
When we sway I go weak I can hear the sounds of violins
Long before it begins
Make me thrill as only you know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now
You know how
Sway me smooth, sway me now Call me irresponsible, call me unreliable
Throw in undependable too
Do my foolish alibis bore you
Well, I'm not too clever, I just adore you Call me unpredictable, tell me I'm impractical
Rainbows, I'm inclined to pursue
Call me irresponsible, yes, I'm unreliable
But it's undeniably true
I'm irresponsibly mad for you Call me irresponsible, yes, I'm unreliable
But it's undeniably true
I'm irresponsibly mad for you He: Tangerine, she is all they claim
With her eyes of night and lips as bright as flame
Tangerine, when she dances by, senoritas stare and caballeros sigh
And I've seen toasts to Tangerine
Raised in every bar across the Argentine
Yes, she has them all on the run, but her heart belongs to just one
Her heart belongs to Tangerine
She: Tangerine, she is all they say
With mascara'd eye and chapeaux by Dache.
Tangerine, with her lips of flame
If the color keeps, Louis Philippe's to blame.
And I've seen clothes on Tangerine
Where the label says "From Macy's Mezzanine".
Yes, she's got the guys in a whirl, but she's only fooling one girl
She's only fooling Tangerine! Every time it rains, it rains
Pennies from Heaven
Don't you know each cloud contains
Pennies from Heaven You'll find your fortunes falling
All over the town
Be sure that your umbrella
Is upside down Trade them for a package of
Sunshine and flowers
If you want the things you love
You must have showers So when you hear it thunder
Don't run under a tree
There'll be pennies from Heaven
For you and me Trade them for a package of
Sunshine and flowers
If you want the things you love
You must have showers So when you hear it thunder
Don't run under a tree
There'll be pennies from Heaven
For you and me This is just a little samba
Built upon a single note
Other notes are bound to follow
But the root is still that note Now this new note is the consequence
Of the one we've just been through
As I'm bound to be
The unavoidable consequence of you There's so many people
Who can talk and talk, and talk
And just say nothing
Or nearly nothing I have used up all the scale
I know and at the end
I've come to nothing
I mean nothing So I come back to my first note
As I come back to you
I will pour into that one note
All the love I feel for you Any one who wants the whole show
Re mi fa so la ci do
He will find himself with no show
Better play the note you know So I come back to my first note
I must come back to you
I will pour into that one note
All the love I feel for you Any one who wants the whole show
Re mi fa so la ci do
He will find himself with no show
Better play the note you know Writer(s): Antonio Carlos Jobim 
So close your eyes
For thats a lovely way to be
Aware of things your heart alone was meant to see
The fundamental loneliness goes whenever two can dream a dream together You can't deny don't try to fight the rising sea
Don't fight the moon, the stars above and don't fight me
The fundamental loneliness goes whenever two can dream a dream together When I saw you first the time was halfpast three
When your eyes met mine it was eternity By now we know the wave is on its way to be
Just catch that wave don't be afraid of loving me
The fundamental loneliness goes whenever two can dream a dream together When I saw you first the time was halfpast three
When your eyes met mine it was eternity By now we know the wave is on its way to be
Just catch that wave don't be afraid of loving me
The fundamental loneliness goes whenever two can dream a dream together I've got you under my skin
I've got you deep in the heart of me
So deep in my heart that you're really a part of me
I've got you under my skin I'd tried so not to give in
I said to myself this affair never will go so well
But why should I try to resist when baby I know so well
I've got you under my skin I'd sacrifice anything come what might
For the sake of having you near
In spite of a warning voice that comes in the night
And repeats, repeats in my ear
Don't you know little fool
You never can win
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
But each time that I do just the thought of you
Makes me stop before I begin
'Cause I've got you under my skin I would sacrifice anything come what might
For the sake of having you near
In spite of the warning voice that comes in the night
And repeats how it yells in my ear
Don't you know, little fool
You never can win
Why not use your mentality
Step up, wake up to reality
But each time I do just the thought of you
Makes me stop just before I begin
'Cause I've got you under my skin
Yes, I've got you under my skin Tall and tan and young and lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking
And when she passes, each one she passes goes - ah
When she walks, she's like a samba that swings so cool and sways so gentle
That when she passes, each one she passes goes - ooh
(Ooh) But I watch her so sadly, how can I tell her I love her
Yes I would give my heart gladly,
But each day, when she walks to the sea
She looks straight ahead, not at me
Tall, and tan, and young, and lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking
And when she passes, I smile - but she doesn't see (doesn't see)
(She just doesn't see, she never sees me,...) Olha que coisa mais linda mais cheia de graça
É ela, menina, que vem e que passa
Num doce balanço a caminho do mar
Moça do corpo dourado do sol de Ipanema
O seu balançado parece um poema
É a coisa mais linda que eu já vi passar (Ooh) But I watch her so sadly
(Aah) Por que tudo eh tao triste?
Yes I would give my heart gladly,
But each day, when she walks to the sea
She looks straight ahead, not at me
Tall, tan, young, lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking
And when she passes, I smile - but she doesn't see (doesn't see)
(She just doesn't see, she never sees me,...) Por causa do amor...
She just doesn't see...
Nem olha para mim...
She never sees me...
Por causa do amor If they ask me, I could write a book
About the way you walk and whisper and look
I could write a preface on how we met
So the world would never forget And the simple secret of the plot
Is just to tell them that I love you, a lot
Then the world discovers as my book ends
How to make two lovers of friends If they ask me, I could write a book
About the way you walk and whisper and look
I could write a preface on how we met
So the world would never forget, never, never forget And the simple secret of the plot
Is just to tell them that I love you, allot
Then the world discovers as my book ends
How to make two lovers of friends She's a sunflower, she's my one flower,
She's the flower of my heart.
I was born in Kansas, Iowa, bred in Kansas,
And when I get married, I'll be wed in Kansas
There's a true-blue gal who promised she would wait,
She's a sunflower from the Sunflower State.
She's a sunflower, she's my sunflower,
And I'll know we'll never part,
She's a sunflower, she's my one flower,
She's the flower of my heart. Troubles end in Kansas, folks unbend in Kansas,
Everyone you'll meet will be your friend in Kansas,
And they'll all be there to help me celebrate
With my sunflower from the Sunflower State.
She's a sunflower, she's my sunflower,
And I'll know we'll never part,
She's a sunflower, she's my one flower,
She's the flower of my heart.
Oh the moon is brighter and stars are bluer,
And the gals are sweeter and their hearts are truer,
And I'm here to take, there's one who's really great,
She's that sunflower from the Sunflower State.
She's a sunflower, she's my sunflower,
And I'm sure we'll never part,
She's a sunflower, she's my one flower,
She's the flower of my heart. Chicago, Chicago that toddling town
Chicago, Chicago I will show you around - I love it
Bet your bottom dollar you lose the blues in Chicago, Chicago
The town that Billy Sunday couldn't shut down On State Street, that great street, I just want to say
They do things they don't do on Broadway
They have the time, the time of their life
I saw a man, he danced with his wife
In Chicago, Chicago my home town Chicago, Chicago that toddlin' town
Chicago, Chicago I'll show you around - I love it
Bet your bottom dollar you lose the blues in Chicago, Chicago
The town that Billy Sunday could not shut down On State Street, that great street, I just want to say
They do things that they never do on Broadway -- say
They have the time, the time of their life
I saw a man and he danced with his wife
In Chicago, Chicago, Chicago -- that's my home town Emily, Emily, Emily
Has the murmuring sound of May
All silver bells, coral shells, carousels
And the laughter of children at play They say "Emily, Emily, Emily"
And we fade to a marvelous view
Two lovers alone and out of sight
Seeing images in the firelight
As my eyes visualize a family
They see dreamily, Emily instrumental break Two lovers alone and out of sight
Seeing images in the firelight
As my eyes visualize a family
They see dreamily, Emily If you go away on this summer day,
Then you might as well take the sun away;
All the birds that flew in the summer sky,
When our love was new and our hearts were high;
When the day was young and the night was long,
And the moon stood still for the night bird's song.
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away.
But if you stay, I'll make you a day
Like no day has been, or will be again;
We'll sail the sun, we'll ride on the rain,
We'll talk to the trees and worship the wind.
Then if you go, I'll understand,
Leave me just enough love to fill up my hand,
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away.
If you go, as I know you will, you must tell the world to stop turning
Till you return again, if you ever do, for what good is love without loving you,
Can I tell you now, as you turn to go, I'll be dying slowly till the next hello,
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away.
But if you stay, I'll make you a night
Like no night has been, or will be again.
I'll sail on your smile, I'll ride on your touch,
I'll talk to your eyes that I love so much.
But if you go, go, I won't cry,
Though the good is gone from the word goodbye,
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away.
If you go away, as I know you must,
There'll be nothing left in the world to trust,
Just an empty room, full of empty space,
Like the empty look I see on your face.
I'd have been the shadow of your shadow
If I thought it might have kept me by your side.
If you go away, if you go away, if you go away. Lately, I find myself gazing at stars, hearing guitars like someone in love.
Sometimes the things I do astound me, mostly whenever you're around me.
Lately I seem to walk as though I had wings, bump into things like someone in love.
Each time I look at you, I'm limp as a glove, and feeling like someone in love. Fairy tales can come true, it can happen to you
If you're young at heart.
For it's hard, you will find, to be narrow of mind
If you're young at heart. You can go to extremes with impossible schemes.
You can laugh when your dreams fall apart at the seams.
And life gets more exciting with each passing day.
And love is either in your heart, or on it's way. Don't you know that it's worth every treasure on earth
To be young at heart.
For as rich as you are, it's much better by far
To be young at heart. And if you should survive to 105,
Look at all you'll derive out of being alive!
And here is the best part, you have a head start
If you are among the very young at heart. And if you should survive to 105,
Look at all you'll derive out of being alive!
And here is the best part, you have a head start
If you are among the very young at heart. More than the greatest love the world has known,
This is the love I give to you alone,
More than the simple words I try to say,
I only live to love you more each day.
More than you'll ever know, my arms long to hold you so,
My life will be in your keeping, waking, sleeping, laughing, weeping,
Longer than always is a long long time, but far beyond forever you're gonna be mine.
I know I've never lived before and my heart is very sure,
No one else could love you more.
(musical interlude)
More than you'll ever know, my arms they long to hold you so,
My life will be in your keeping, waking, sleeping, laughing, weeping,
Longer than always is a long long time, but far beyond forever you'll be mine,
I know that I've never lived before and my heart is very sure,
No one else could love you more, no one else could love you more. Writer(s): David Raksin - Johnny Mercer Laura is the face in the misty light
Footsteps that you hear down the hall
The LAUGH that floats on a summer night
That you can never quite recall
And you see Laura on a train that is passing through
Those eyes how familiar they seem
She gave your very first kiss to you
That was Laura but she's only a dream She gave your very first kiss to you
That was Laura
But she's only a dream Granada, I'm falling under your spell,
And if you could speak, what a fascinating tale you would tell.
Of an age the world has long forgotten,
Of an age that weaves a silent magic in Granada today.
The dawn in the sky greets the day with a sigh for Granada.
For she can remember the splendor that once was Granada.
It still can be found in the hills all around as I wander along,
Entranced by the beauty before me,
Entranced by a land full of flowers and song.
When day is done and the sun touch the sea in Granada,
I envy the blush of the snow-clad Tierra Novada,
Soon it will welcome the stars
While a thousand guitars play a soft Carbinera.
Then moonlit Granada will live again,
The glory of yesterday, romantic and gay.
(musical interlude)
And soon it will welcome the stars
While a thousand guitars play a soft Carbinera.
Then moonlit Granada will live again,
The glory of yesterday, romantic, gay Granada. And these are the Spanish lyrics as sung by Placido Domingo: Granada, tierra soñada por mi
Mi cantar se vuelve gitano cuando es para ti
Mi cantar, hecho de fantasia
Mi cantar, flor de melancolia
Que yo te vengo a dar Granada, Manola cantada en coplas preciosas
No tengo otra cosa que darte que un ramo de rosas
De sueño rebelde y gitano cubierta de flores
Y beso tu boca de grana jugosa manzana
Que me habla de amores Granada, tierra ensangrentada en tardes de toros
Mujer que conserva el embrujo de tus ojos moros
De rosas de suave fragancia
Que le dieran marco a la Virgen morena Granada, tu tierra esta llena
De lindas mujeres, de sangre y de sol De rosas de suave fragancia
Que le dieran marco a la Virgen morena
Granada, tu tierra esta llena
De lindas mujeres, de sangre y de sol Once upon a time
A girl with moonlight in her eyes
Put her hand in mine
And said she loved me so
But that was once upon a time
Very long ago Once upon a hill
We sat beneath a willow tree
Counting all the stars and waiting for the dawn
But that was once upon a time
Now the tree is gone How the breeze ruffled through her hair
How we always laughed as though tomorrow wasn't there
We were young and didn't have a care
Where did it go Once upon a time
The world was sweeter than we knew
Everything was ours
How happy we were then
But somehow once upon a time
Never comes again Once upon a time
Never comes again I stand at your gate,
and the song that I sing is of moonlight.
I stand, and I wait
for the touch of your hand in the June night.
The roses are sighing
a moonlight serenade. The stars are aglow,
and tonight, how their light sets me dreaming.
My love, do you know
that your eyes are like stars brightly beaming?
I bring you, and I sing you
a moonlight serenade. Let us stay till break of day
in love's valley of dreams.
Just you and I, a summer sky,
a heavenly breeze, kiss in the trees. So don't let me wait-
come to me tenderly in the June night.
I stand at your gate
and I sing you a song in the moonlight.
A love song, my darling-
a moonlight serenade. Let someone start believing in you,
let him hold out his hand
Let him touch you and watch what happens One someone who can look in your eyes,
and see into your heart
Let him find you and watch what happens Cold, no I won't believe your heart is cold
Maybe just afraid to be broken again Let someone with a deep love to give
Give that deep love to you,
and what magic you'll see Let someone with a deep love to give
Give that deep love to you
and what magic you'll see Let someone give his heart,
someone who cares like me
Let someone give his heart who cares like me
Someone who cares like me You're gonna love what happens I get no kick from champagne,
Mere alcohol,
It doesn't move me at all,
So tell me why should it be true,
That I get a kick out of you. Some like the boptype refrain,
I'm sure that if,
I heard even one riff,
It would bore me terrifically, too,
Yet I get a kick out of you. I get a kick every time I see you standing there before me,
I get a kick though it's clear to me,
You obviously don't adore me. I get no kick in a plane,
Flying too high,
With some gal in the sky,
Is my idea of nothing to do,
Yet I get a kick out of you. I get a kick every time I see you standing there before me,
I get a kick though it's clear to me,
You obviously do not adore me. I get no kick in a plane,
Flying too high with some gal in the sky,
Is my idea of nothing to do,
Yet I get a kick yes
I get a kick yes
I get a kick... out of you. Blue skies, smilin' at me
Nothin' but blues skies do I see
Bluebirds singing a song
Nothin' but bluebirds all day long Never saw the sun shinin' so bright
Never saw things lookin' so right
Noticin' the days hurryin' by
When you're in love, my how they fly Blue days, all of them gone
Nothin' but blue skies from now on Never saw the sun shinin' so bright
Never saw things lookin' so right
Noticin' the days hurryin' by
When you're in love, oh how they fly Blue days, all of them gone
Nothin' but blue skies from now on Writer(s): Frank Loesser, Louis Alter 
How I love the kisses of Dolores
Aye-aye-aye Dolores
Not Marie or Emily or Doris
Only my Dolores >From a balcony above me
She whispers Love me and throws a rose
Ah but she is twice as lovely
As the rose she throws I would die to be with my Dolores
Aye-aye-aye Dolores
I was made to serenade Dolores
Chorus after chorus Just imagine eyes like moonrise
A voice like music, lips like wine
What a break if I could make Dolores
Mine all mine. I would die to be with my Dolores
Aye-aye-aye Dolores
I was made to serenade Dolores
Chorus after chorus Just imagine eyes like moonrise
A voice like music, lips like wine
What a break if I could make Dolores
Mine all mine What good are words I say to you?
They can't convey to you what's in my heart
If you could hear instead
The things I've left unsaid Time after time
I tell myself that I'm
So lucky to be loving you So lucky to be
The one you run to see
In the evening, when the day is through I only know what I know
The passing years will show
You've kept my love so young, so new And time after time
You'll hear me say that I'm
So lucky to be loving you All or nothing at all
Half a love, never appealed to me
If your heart, never could yield to me
Then I'd rather (rather) have nothing at all All or nothing at all
If it's love, there is no in between
Why begin then cry, for something that might have been
No I'd rather (rather) have nothing at all But please don't bring your lips so close to my cheek
Don't smile or I'll be lost beyond recall
The kiss in your eyes, the touch of your hand makes me weak
And my heart may go dizzy and fall And if I fell (I fell) under the spell of your call
I would be, caught in the undertow
So you see, I've got to say no, no
All or nothing at all Look at me
I'm as helpless as a kitten
Up a tree
And I feel like I'm
Hanging from a cloud
I can't understand
I get misty
Just holding your hand
Walk my way
And a thousand violins begin to play
Or it might be the sound of your hello
This magic I hear
I get misty
The moment you're near
You could say that you're leading me on
But it's just what I want you to do
Can't you see just how hopelessly I'm drawn
That's why I'm following you
On my own
Would I wander through this wonderland alone
Never knowing my right foot from my left
My hat from my glove
I get misty
And too much in love
On my own
Would I wander through this wonderland alone
Never knowing my right foot from my left
My hat and my glove
I get misty
And too much in love
Look at me Give me five minutes more
Only five minutes more
Let me stay, let me stay in your arms Here am I, begging for
Only five minutes more
Only five minutes more of your charms All week long I dreamed about our Saturday date
Don't you know that Sunday morning you can sleep late Give me five minutes more
Only five minutes more
Let me stay, let me stay in your arms All week long I dreamed about our Saturday date
And don't you know that Sunday morning you can sleep late Give me five minutes more
Only five minutes more
Let me stay, let me stay
Stay in your arms It's very nice to go trav'ling
To Paris, London and Rome
It's oh, so nice to go trav'ling
But it's so much nicer
Yes, it's so much nicer to come home It's very nice to just wander
The camel route to Iraq
It's oh, so nice to just wander
But it's so much nicer
Yes, it's oh so nice to wander back The mam'selles and frauleins and the senoritas are sweet
But they can't compete 'cause they just don't have
What the models have on Madison Ave It's very nice to be footloose
With just a toothbrush and comb
It's oh so nice to be footloose
But your heart starts singin'
When you're homeward wingin' across the foam And you know your fate is
Where the Empire State is
All you contemplate is
The view from Miss Liberty's dome
It's very nice to go trav'ling
But it's oh so nice to come home You will find the madchen and the gay muchachas are rare
But they can't compare with that sexy line
That parades each day at Sunset and Vine It's quite the life to play gypsy
And roam as gypsies will roam
It's quite the life to play gypsy
But your heart starts singin'
When you're homeward wingin' across the foam And the Hudson River
Makes you start to quiver
Like the latest flivver
That's simply drippin' with chrome
It's very nice to go trav'ling
But it's oh so nice to come home No more customs
Burn the passport
No more packing and unpacking
Light the home fires
Get my slippers
Make a pizza I can only give you love that lasts forever
And the promise to be near each time you call
And the only heart I own is yours and yours alone
That's all, that's all I can only give you country walks in springtime
And a hand to hold when leaves begin to fall
And a love who's burning light to warm the winter night
That's all, that's all There are those I am sure who have told you
They will give you the world for a toy
All I ask for these arms to enfold you, and a love
Time can never destroy If you're wond'ring what I'm asking in return, dear
You'll be glad to know that my demands are small
Say it's me that you'll adore for now and ever more
That's all, that's all Ain't she sweet? See her walking down that street
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice?
Just cast an eye in her direction
Oh me, oh my, ain't that perfection?
Oh, I repeat, well, don't you think that's kinda neat?
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she sweet? See her walking down that street
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice?
Just cast an eye in her direction
Oh me, oh my, ain't that perfection?
Oh, I repeat, well, don't you think that's kinda neat?
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she sweet? See her walking down that street
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she sweet?
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice?
Ain't she nice? Look her over once or twice
Yes, I ask you very confidentially, ain't she nice? I like New York in June, how about you?
I like a Gershwin tune, how about you?
I love a fireside when a storm is due
I like potato chips, moonlight, motor trips, how about you? I'm mad about good books, can't get my fill
And James Durantes looks give me a thrill
Holding hands in the movie show
When all the lights are low may not be new
But I like it, how about you? I like New York in June, how about you?
I like a Gershwin tune, how about you?
I love a fireside when a storm is due, how about you? I'm mad about good books, can't get my fill
And James Durantes looks they give me a thrill
Holding hands in the movie show
When all the lights are low may not be new
But I like it, and I like it, I like it, how about you? Where are you
Where have you gone without me
I thought you cared about me
Where are you
Where's my heart
Where is the dream we started
I can't believe we're parted
Where are you
When we said good-bye love
What had we to gain
When I gave you my love
Was it all in vain
All life through
Must I go on pretending
Where is my happy ending
Where are you
When we said good-bye love
What had we to gain
When I gave you my love
Was it all in vain
All life through
Must I go on pretending
Where is that happy ending
Where are you
Where are you I look at you and suddenly
Something in your eyes I see
Soon begins bewitching me It's that Old Devil moon
That you stole from the skies
It's that Old Devil Moon in your eyes You and you glance
Make this romance
Too hot to handle Stars in the night
Blazing their light
Can't hold a candle To your razzle-dazzle
You've got me flyin' high and wide
On a magic carpet ride
Full of butterflies inside Wanna cry, wanna croon
Wanna laugh like a loon
It's that Old Devil Moon in your eyes Just when I think, I'm
Free as a dove
Old Devil Moon
Deep in your eyes
Blinds me with love To your razzle-dazzle
You've got me flyin' high and wide
On a magic carpet ride
Full of butterflies inside Wanna cry, wanna croon
Wanna laugh like a loon
It's that Old Devil Moon in your eyes Just when I think, I'm
Free as a dove
Old Devil Moon
Deep in your eyes
Blinds me with love
Oh, blind me with love Summer, you old Indian Summer
You're the tear that comes after June-time's laughter
You see so many dreams that don't come true
Dreams we fashioned when Summertime was new You are here to watch over
Some heart that is broken by a word that somebody left unspoken
You're the ghost of a romance in June going astray
Fading too soon, that's why I say
"Farewell to you, Indian Summer" 
You are here to watch over
A heart that is broken by a word that somebody left unspoken
You're the ghost of a romance in June going astray
Fading too soon, that's why I say
"Farewell to you, Indian Summer" You old Indian Summer Day by Day
Im falling more in love with you
And day by day
My love seems to grow
There isn't any end to my devotion
It's deeper, dear, by far
Than any ocean
I find that day by day
You're making all my dreams come true
So come what may
I want you to know
I'm yours alone
And I'm in love to this day
As we go through the years
Day by day Im yours alone
And Im in love to this day
As we go through the years
Day by Day Heaven
I'm in heaven
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak
And I seem to find the happiness I seek
When we're out together dancing cheek to cheek Heaven
I'm in heaven
And the cares that hung around me through the week
Seem to vanish like a gamblers lucky streak
When we're out together dancing cheek to cheek Oh, I love to climb a mountain
And to reach the highest peak
But it doesn't thrill me half as much as dancing cheek to cheek Oh, I love to go out fishing
In a river, or a creek
But I don't enjoy it half as much as dancing cheek to cheek Dance with me
I want my arm about you
That charm about you will carry me through to... Heaven
I'm in heaven
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak
And I seem to find that happiness I seek
When we're out together swinging cheek to cheek Come on and dance with me
I want my arm about you
That charm about you will carry me through
Right up to... Heaven
I'm in heaven
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak
And I seem to find that happiness I seek
When we're out toghether dancing
Out together dancing
Out together dancing cheek to cheek! You make me feel so young.
You make me feel as though spring has sprung.
And every time I see you grin,
I'm such a happy individual. The moment that you speak,
I want to go and play hide and seek.
I wanna go and bounce the moon,
Just like a toy balloon. You and I
Are just like a couple of tots,
Running across a meadow
Pickin' up lots of forget-me-nots. You make me feel so young.
You make me feel there are songs to be sung,
Bells to be rung,
And a wonderful fling to be flung. And even when I'm old and gray,
I'm going to feel the way I do today
Because you make me feel so young. You make me feel so young.
You make me feel as though spring has sprung.
And every time I see you grin,
I'm such a happy individual. The moment that you speak,
I want to go and play hide and seek.
I wanna go and bounce the moon,
Just like a toy balloon. You and I
Are just like a couple of tots,
Running across a meadow
Pickin' up lots of forget-me-nots. You make me feel so young.
You make me feel there are songs to be sung,
Bells to be rung,
And a wonderful fling to be flung. And even when I'm old and gray,
I'm going to feel the way I do today
Because you make me feel so young. When you're awake the things you think
Come from the dream you dream
Thought has wings, and lots of things
Are seldom what they seem Sometimes you think you've lived before
All that you live today
Things you do come back to you
As though they knew the way Oh the tricks your mind can play It seems we stood and talked like this, before
We looked at each other in the same way then
But I can't remember where or when The clothes you are wearing are the clothes you wore
The smile you are smiling you were smiling then
But I can't remember where or when Some things that happened for the first time
Seem to be happening again And so it seems that we have met before
And laughed before, and loved before
But who knows where or when. The song a robin sings
Through years of endless springs
The murmur of a brook at eventide
That ripples by a nook where two lovers hide A great symphonic theme
That's Stella by Starlight
And not a dream
My heart and I agree
She's everything on Earth to me A great symphonic theme
That's Stella by Starlight
And not a dream
My heart and I agree
She's everything on Earth to me Love and marriage, love and marriage
They go together like a horse and carriage
This I'll tell you brother
You can't have one without the other Love and marriage, love and marriage
It's an institute you can't disparage
Ask the local gentry
And they will say it's elementary Try, try, try to separate them
It's an illusion
Try, try, try, and you will only come
To this conclusion Love and marriage, love and marriage
They go together like a horse and carriage
Dad was told by mother
You can't have one without the other Try, try, try to separate them
It's an illusion
Try, try, try, and you will only come
To this conclusion Love and marriage, love and marriage
They go together like a horse and carriage
Dad was told by mother
You can't have one without the other Well, the south side of Chicago
Is the baddest part of town
And if you go down there, you better just beware
Of a man named a Leroy Brown Now Leroy was in trouble
He stood about six feet four
All the downtown ladies call him 'Treetop lover'
All the studs they call him 'Sir' And he's bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog Now Leroy he's a gambler
And he likes his fancy clothes
He likes to wave his diamond rings
In front of everybody's nose He's got a custom Continental
He's got an El Dorado too
He's got a 32 gun in his pocket for fun
He's got a razor in his shoe Yeah, he's bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And he's meaner than a junkyard dog Well, Friday 'bout a week ago
Leroy shootin' dice
And at the edge of the bar, sat a lady named Dorris
And hmm, she sure looked nice Well, he layed his eyes upon her
And the trouble soon began
And Leroy Brown, he learned a lesson 'bout messin'
With the wife of a jealous man Yeah, he's bad, bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
And meaner than a junkyard dog He's bad, he's bad Leroy Brown
The baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than old King Kong
Meaner than a junkyard dog Badder than old King Kong
Badder than a junkyard dog I love the looks of you, the lure of you,
The sweet of you, and the pure of you,
The eyes, the arms, and the mouth of you,
The east, west, north, and (the / that) south of you. I'd love to gain complete control of you,
(And) Handle even the heart and soul of you.
Love at least a small percent of me, do,
Because I love all of you. I'd love to gain complete control of you,
(And) Handle even the heart and soul of you.
Love at least a small percent of me, do,
Because I love all of you. When I try to sing you say I'm off key
Why can't you see how much this hurts me
With your perfect beauty and your perfect pitch
You're a perfect terror
When I come around, must you always put me down If you say my singing is off key my love
You will hurt my feelings don't you see my love
I wish I had an ear like yours
A voice that would behave
But all I have is feelings and a voice gone deaf You insist my music goes against the rules
But rules were never made for lovesick fools
I wrote this little song for you but you don't care
It's a crooked song oh but all my love is there The thing that you would see if you would play your part
Is even if I'm out of tune I have a gentle heart
I took your picture with my trusty Rollaflex
And now all I have developed is a complex Possibly in vain I hope you weaken oh my love
And forget these rigid rules that undermine my dream of
A life of love and music with someone who'll understand
That even though I may be out of tune
When I attempt to say how much I love you
All that matters is the message that I bring
Which is my dear one I love you. Grab your coat and get your hat, leave your worry at the doorstep
Just direct your feet to the sunny side of the street
Can't you hear that pitter pat and that happy tune is your step
Life can be so sweet on the sunny side of the street I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade
But I'm not afraid 'cause this rover, crossed over If I never had a cent I'll be as rich as Rockfeller
Gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street With those blues on parade
Because this rover, it crossed over If I never had a cent I'll be as loaded as old Rockfeller
With that gold dust 'round my feet
On the sunny side of the street
On the side, at that side of the street that is sunny There's a somebody I'm longing to see
I hope that she
Turns out to be
Someone who watch over me
I'm a little lamb who's lost in the woods
I know I could, could always be good
To one who watch over me
Although I may not be the man some girls think of
As handsome
But to her heart
I'll carry the key
Won't you tell her please to put on some speed
Follow my lead
Oh how I need Someone to watch over me
Won't you tell her please
To put on some speed
Follow my lead Oh how I need
Someone to watch over me 