On a wagon bound for market
There's a calf with a mournful eye
High above him there's a swallow
Winging swiftly through the sky How the winds are laughing
They laugh with all their might
Laugh and laugh the whole day through
And half the summer's night Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don
Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don "Stop complaining", said the farmer
Who told you a calf to be?
Why don't you have wings to fly with
Like the swallow so proud and free? How the winds are laughing
They laugh with all their might
Laugh and laugh the whole day through
And half the summer's night Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don
Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don Calves are easily bound and slaughtered
Never knowing the reason why
But whoever treasures freedom
Like the swallow has learned to fly How the winds are laughing
They laugh with all their might
Laugh and laugh the whole day through
And half the summer's night
Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don
Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don Hush, little baby, don't say a word,
Mama's going to buy you a mockingbird. And if that mockingbird don't sing,
Mama's going to buy you a diamond ring. And if that diamond ring turns brass,
Mama's going to buy you a looking glass. And if that looking glass gets broke,
Mama's going to buy you a billy goat. And if that billy goat won't pull,
Mama's going to buy you a cart and bull. And if that cart and bull turn over,
Mama's going to buy you a dog named Rover. And if that dog named Rover won't bark,
Mama's going to buy you a horse and cart. And if that horse and cart fall down,
You'll still be the sweetest little baby in town. No man is an island
No man stands alone
Each man's joy is joy to me
Each man's grief is my own We need one another
So I will defend
Each man as my brother
Each man as my friend I saw the people gather
I heard the music start
The song that they were singing
Is ringing in my heart No man is an island
Way out in the blue
We all look to the one above
For our strength to renew When I help my brother
Then I know that I
Plant the seed of friendship
That will never die On a wagon bound for market
There's a calf with a mournful eye
High above him there's a swallow
Winging swiftly through the sky How the winds are laughing
They laugh with all their might
Laugh and laugh the whole day through
And half the summer's night Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don
Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don "Stop complaining", said the farmer
Who told you a calf to be?
Why don't you have wings to fly with
Like the swallow so proud and free? How the winds are laughing
They laugh with all their might
Laugh and laugh the whole day through
And half the summer's night Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don
Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don Calves are easily bound and slaughtered
Never knowing the reason why
But whoever treasures freedom
Like the swallow has learned to fly How the winds are laughing
They laugh with all their might
Laugh and laugh the whole day through
And half the summer's night
Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don
Donna, Donna, Donna, Donna
Donna, Donna, Donna, Don Hush, little baby, don't say a word,
Mama's going to buy you a mockingbird. And if that mockingbird don't sing,
Mama's going to buy you a diamond ring. And if that diamond ring turns brass,
Mama's going to buy you a looking glass. And if that looking glass gets broke,
Mama's going to buy you a billy goat. And if that billy goat won't pull,
Mama's going to buy you a cart and bull. And if that cart and bull turn over,
Mama's going to buy you a dog named Rover. And if that dog named Rover won't bark,
Mama's going to buy you a horse and cart. And if that horse and cart fall down,
You'll still be the sweetest little baby in town. No man is an island
No man stands alone
Each man's joy is joy to me
Each man's grief is my own We need one another
So I will defend
Each man as my brother
Each man as my friend I saw the people gather
I heard the music start
The song that they were singing
Is ringing in my heart No man is an island
Way out in the blue
We all look to the one above
For our strength to renew When I help my brother
Then I know that I
Plant the seed of friendship
That will never die Virgil Caine is my name and I drove on the Danville train
Till Stonemans Cavalry came and tore up the tracks again
In the winter of '65, we were hungry, just barely alive
I took the train to Richmond that fell
It was a time I remember, oh, so well The night they drove old Dixie down
And all the bells were ringin'
The night they drove old Dixie down
And all the people were singin'
They went, "Na, na, na" Back with my wife in Tennessee and one day she said to me
"Virgil, quick, come see, there goes Robert E. Lee"
Now I don't mind, I'm chopping wood
And I don't care if the money's no good
Just take what you need and leave the rest
But they should never have taken the very best
Follow the bouncing arm The night they drove old Dixie down
And all the bells were ringin'
The night they drove old Dixie down
And all the people were singin'
They went, "Na, na, na" Like my father before me, I'm a working man
And like my brother before me, I took a rebel stand
But he was just 18, proud and brave
But a yankee laid him in his grave
I swear by the blood below my feet
You can't raise a Caine back up when he's in defeat The night they drove old Dixie down
And all the bells were ringin'
The night they drove old Dixie down
And all the people were singin'
They went, "Na, na, na" Black Spiritual, United States, 18th or 19th Century My Lord, what a morning!
My Lord, what a morning!
Oh, my Lord, what a morning
when the stars begin to fall. Oh, you will hear the trumpet sound
to wake the nations underground,
Looking to my Lord's right hand
when the stars begin to fall. Oh, you will see my Jesus come,
His glory shining like the sun,
Looking to my Lord's right hand
When the stars begin to fall. Oh, you will hear all Christians shout,
'Cause there's a new day come about,
Looking to my Lord's right hand
When the stars begin to fall My Lord, what a morning!
My Lord, what a morning!
Oh, my Lord, what a morning
when the stars begin to fall. El preso numero nueve ya lo van a confesar
esta encerrado en la celda con el cura del penal
y antes del amanecer la vida le han de quitar
porque mató a su mujer y a un amigo desleal
Dice así al confesar
los maté si señor
y si vuelvo a nacer
yo los vuelvo a matar Padre no me arrepiento
ni me da miedo la eternidad
yo se que allá en el cielo
el que juzga nos juzgará
voy a seguir sus pasos
voy a buscarla hasta el más allá. ay. yayayayayyyyy El preso numero nueve era un hombre muy cabal
iba en la noche del pueble muy contento en su jacal
pero al mirar a su amor en brazos de su rival
ardió en el pecho el rencor y no se pudo aguantar
al sonar el clarín se formo el pelotón
iban al paredón solo alcanzo a decir: Padre no me arrepiento ni me da miedo la eternidad
yo se que allá en el cielo el que juzga nos juzgará
voy a seguir sus pasos voy a buscarla hasta el más alla. ay. yayayayayyyyy yaay Ooh... Mother mary, full or grace, awaken,
All our homes are gone, our loved ones taken,
Taken by the sea, Mother mary calm our fears, have mercy,
Drowning in a sea of tears, have mercy,
Hear our mournful plea, Our world has been shaken,
We wander our homelands forsaken,
In the dark night of the soul bring some comfort to us all,
O mother mary come and carry us in your embrace,
That our sorrows may be faced, Mary fill the glass to overflowing,
Illuminate the path where we are going,
Have mercy on us all,
In funeral fires burning,
Each flame to your mystery returning, In the dark night of the soul your shattered dreamers,
Make them whole,
O mother mary find us where we've fallen out of grace,
Lead us to a higher place, In the dark night of the soul our broken hearts you can make whole,
O mother mary come and carry us in your embrace,
Let us see your gentle face, mary. Ooh... Here's to you, Nicola and Bart
Rest forever here in our hearts
The last and final moment is yours
That agony is your triumph (Jose Marti - Hector Angulo & Pete Seeger)
Guantanamera, guajira Guantanamera
Guantanamera, guajira Guantanamera Yo soy un hombre sincero,
De donde crece la palma,
Yo soy un hombre sincero,
De donde crece la palma,
Y antes de morirme quiero
Echar mis versos del alma Guantanamera, guajira Guantanamera
Guantanamera, guajira Guantanamera Mi verso es de un verde claro,
Y de un carmin encenidido,
Mi verso es de un verde claro,
Y de un carmin encenidido,
Mi verso es un cierro herido
Que busca en el monte amparo. Guantanamera, guajira Guantanamera
Guantanamera, guajira Guantanamera Con los pobres de la tierra,
Quiero yo mi suerte echar,
Con los pobres de la tierra,
Quiero yo mi suerte echar,
El arroyo de la sierra,
Me complace mas que el mar. Guantanamera, guajira Guantanamera
Guantanamera, guajira Guantanamera Ave Maria! Jungfrau mild,
Erhöre einer Jungfrau Flehen,
Aus diesem Felsen starr und wild
Soll mein Gebet zu dir hinwehen.
Wir schlafen sicher bis zum Morgen,
Ob Menschen noch so grausam sind.
O Jungfrau, sieh der Jungfrau Sorgen,
O Mutter, hör ein bittend Kind!
Ave Maria! Ave Maria! Unbefleckt!
Wenn wir auf diesen Fels hinsinken
Zum Schlaf, und uns dein Schutz bedeckt
Wird weich der harte Fels uns dünken.
Du lächelst, Rosendüfte wehen
In dieser dumpfen Felsenkluft,
O Mutter, höre Kindes Flehen,
O Jungfrau, eine Jungfrau ruft!
Ave Maria! Ave Maria! Reine Magd!
Der Erde und der Luft Dämonen,
Von deines Auges Huld verjagt,
Sie können hier nicht bei uns wohnen,
Wir woll'n uns still dem Schicksal beugen,
Da uns dein heil'ger Trost anweht;
Der Jungfrau wolle hold dich neigen,
Dem Kind, das für den Vater fleht.
Ave Maria! The House Carpenter "Well met, well met, my own true love,
well met, well met," cried he.
"I've just returned from the salt, salt sea
all for the love of thee." "I could have married the King's daughter dear,
she would have married me.
But I have forsaken her crowns of gold
all for the love of thee." "Well, if you could have married the King's daughter dear, I'm sure you are to blame,
For I am married to a house carpenter,
and find him a nice young man." "Oh, will you forsake your house carpenter
and go along with me?
I'll take you to where the grass grows green,
to the banks of the salt, salt sea." "Well, if I should forsake my house carpenter
and go along with thee,
What have you got to maintain me on
and keep me from poverty?" "Six ships, six ships all out on the sea,
seven more upon dry land,
One hundred and ten all brave sailor men
will be at your command." She picked up her own wee babe,
kisses gave him three,
Said "Stay right here with my house carpenter
and keep him good company. Then she putted on her rich attire,
so glorious to behold.
And as she trod along her way,
she shown like the glittering gold. Well, they'd not been gone but about two weeks,
I know it was not three.
When this fair lady began to weep,
she wept most bitterly. "Ah, why do you weep, my fair young maid,
weep it for your golden store?
Or do you weep for your house carpenter
who never you shall see anymore?" "I do not weep for my house carpenter
or for any golden store.
I do weep for my own wee babe,
who never I shall see anymore." Well, they'd not been gone but about three weeks,
I'm sure it was not four.
Our gallant ship sprang a leak and sank,
never to rise anymore. One time around spun our gallant ship,
two times around spun she,
Three times around spun our gallant ship
and sank to the bottom of the sea. "What hills, what hills are those, my love,
that rise so fair and high?"
"Those are the hills of heaven, my love,
but not for you and I." "And what hills, what hills are those, my love,
those hills so dark and low?"
"Those are the hills of hell, my love,
where you and I must go." Listen, children, to a story
That was written long ago
About a Kingdom on a mountain
And a valley folk down below On the mountain was a treasure
Buried deep beneath a stone
And the valley people swore
They'd have it for their very own Go ahead and hate your neighbor
Go ahead and cheat a friend
Do it in the name of heaven
You can justify it in the end But there won't be any trumpets blowing
Come the judgment day
On the bloody morning after
One tin soldier rides away So the people of the valley
Sent a message up the hill
Asking for the buried treasure
Tons of gold for which they'd kill Came an answer from the Kingdom
With our brothers, we will share
All the riches of our mountain
All the secrets buried there Now the valley swore with anger
Mount your horses, draw your swords
And they killed the mountain people
So they won their just rewards Now they stood beside the treasure
On the mountain dark and red
Turned the stone and looked beneath it
Peace on Earth, was all it said Go ahead and hate your neighbor
Go ahead and cheat a friend
Do it in the name of Heaven
You can justify it in the end There won't be any trumpets blowing
Come the judgment day
On the bloody morning after
One tin soldier rides away Go ahead and hate your neighbor
Go ahead and cheat a friend
Do it in the name of heaven
You can justify it in the end There won't be any trumpets blowing
Come the judgment day
On the bloody morning after
One tin soldier rides away An earthly nurse sits and sings,
And aye she sings a lily wean -
"Little ken I my bairn's father,
Far less the land that he dwells in." For he's come one night to her bed's foot
And a grumly guest I'm sure he'd be,
Saying, "Here am I, thy bairn's father,
Although I be not comely. "I am a man upon the land,
I am a silkie in the sea,
And when I'm far and far from land,
My home it is the sule skerrie." And he has ta'en a purse of gold,
And he had placed it upon her knee,
Saying, "Give to me my little young son
And take thee up thy nurse's fee. "And I will come one summer's day
When the sun shine's bright on every stane,
I'll come and fetch my little young son,
And teach him how to swim the faem. "And ye shall marry a gunner bold,
And a right fine gunner I'm sure he'll be,
And the very first shot that ever he shoots
Will kill both my young son and me." words and music by Pete Seeger Where have all the flowers gone?
Long time passing
Where have all the flowers gone?
Long time ago
Where have all the flowers gone?
Girls have picked them every one
When will they ever learn?
When will they ever learn? Where have all the young girls gone?
Long time passing
Where have all the young girls gone?
Long time ago
Where have all the young girls gone?
Taken husbands every one
When will they ever learn?
When will they ever learn? Where have all the young men gone?
Long time passing
Where have all the young men gone?
Long time ago
Where have all the young men gone?
Gone for soldiers every one
When will they ever learn?
When will they ever learn? Where have all the soldiers gone?
Long time passing
Where have all the soldiers gone?
Long time ago
Where have all the soldiers gone?
Gone to graveyards every one
When will they ever learn?
When will they ever learn? Where have all the graveyards gone?
Long time passing
Where have all the graveyards gone?
Long time ago
Where have all the graveyards gone?
Covered with flowers every one
When will we ever learn?
When will we ever learn? Lyrics as performed by Bob Dylan and Joan Baez, Hughes Stadium, Colorado
University, Fort Collins, CO, 23 May 1976, She went upstairs to make her bed
And not one word to her mother said.
Her mother she went upstairs too
Saying, "Daughter, oh daughter, what's troublin' you?":
"Oh mother, oh mother, I cannot tell
That railroad boy that I love so well.
He courted me my life away
And now at home will no longer stay."
"There is a place in yonder town
Where my love goes and he sits him down.
And he takes that strange girl on his knee
And he tells to her what he won't tell me."
Her father he came home from work
Sayin', "Where is my daughter, she seems so hurt"
He went upstairs to give her hope
An' he found her hangin' by a rope.
He took his knife and he cut her down
And on her bosom these words he found:
"Go dig my grave both wide and deep,
Put a marble stone at my head and feet,
And on my breast, put a snow white dove
To warn the world that I died of love. Gracias A La Vida
(Violeta Parra) Gracias a la vida que me ha dado tanto.
Me dio dos luceros, que cuando los abro,
Perfecto distingo lo negro del blanco
Y en el alto cielo su fondo estrellado
Y en las multitudes el hombre que yo amo. Gracias a la vida que me ha dado tanto.
Me ha dado el oído que en todo su ancho
Graba noche y día, grillos y canarios,
Martillos, turbinas, ladridos, chubascos,
Y la voz tan tierna de mi bien amado. Gracias a la vida que me ha dado tanto.
Me ha dado el sonido y el abecedario;
Con él las palabras que pienso y declaro:
Madre, amigo, hermano, y luz alumbrando
La ruta del alma del que estoy amando. Gracias a la vida que me ha dado tanto.
Me ha dado la marcha de mis pies cansados;
Con ellos anduve ciudades y charcos,
Playas y desiertos, montañas y llanos,
Y la casa tuya, tu calle y tu patio. Gracias a la vida que me ha dado tanto.
Me dio el corazón que agita su marco
Cuando miro el fruto del cerebro humano,
Cuando miro al bueno tan lejos del malo,
Cuando miro al fondo de tus ojos claros. Gracias a la vida que me ha dado tanto.
Me ha dado la risa y me ha dado el llanto.
Así yo distingo dicha de quebranto,
Los dos materiales que forman mi canto,
Y el canto de ustedes que es mi mismo canto,
Y el canto de todos que es mi propio canto.
Gracias a la vida que me ha dado tanto. I believe in prophecy.
Some folks see things not everybody can see.
And, once in a while, they pass the secret along to you and me. And I believe in miracles.
Something sacred burning in every bush and tree.
We can all learn to sing the songs the angels sing. Chorus:
Yeah, I believe in God, and God ain't me. 
I've traveled around the world,
Stood on mighty mountains and gazed across the wilderness.
Never seen a line in the sand or a diamond in the dust. And as our fate unfurls,
Every day that passes I'm sure about a little bit less.
Even my money keeps telling me it's God I need to trust. Chorus:
And I believe in God, but God ain't us. God, in my little understanding, don't care what name I call.
Whether or not I believe doesn't matter at all. I receive the blessings.
That every day on Earth's another chance to get it right.
Let this little light of mine shine and rage against the night. Just another lesson
Maybe someone's watching and wondering what I got.
Maybe this is why I'm here on Earth, and maybe not.
Chorus:
But I believe in God, and God is God. Come all ye fair and tender maidens
Take warning how you court young men
They're like a star of a summer's morning
First they appear and then they're gone.
They'll tell to you some loving story
They'll swear to you their love is true
Straightway they'll go and court another
And that's the love that they had for you. If I'd a known before I courted
That love it was such a killin' thing
I'd lock my heart in a box of golden
And fastened it up with a silver chain. O do you remember our days of courtin'
When your head lay upon my breast
You could make me believe with the falling of your eyes
That the sun rose in the west. I wish I was a little sparrow
And I had wings and I could fly
I'd fly away to my own true lover
And when he speaks I won't deny. But I am not no little sparrow
I have no wings neither can I fly
I'll sit right down in my grief and sorrow
And let my troubles pass me by. Come all ye fair and tender maidens
Take warning how you court young men
They're like a star of a summer's morning
First they appear and then they're gone. I dreamed I saw Joe Hill last night,
alive as you and me.
Says I "But Joe, you're ten years dead"
"I never died" said he,
"I never died" said he. "The Copper Bosses killed you Joe,
they shot you Joe" says I.
"Takes more than guns to kill a man"
Says Joe "I didn't die"
Says Joe "I didn't die" And standing there as big as life
and smiling with his eyes.
Says Joe "What they can never kill
went on to organize,
went on to organize" From San Diego up to Maine,
in every mine and mill,
where working-men defend their rights,
it's there you find Joe Hill,
it's there you find Joe Hill! I dreamed I saw Joe Hill last night,
alive as you and me.
Says I "But Joe, you're ten years dead"
"I never died" said he,
"I never died" said he. Get you a copper kettle
And get you a copper coil
Cover with new cut corn mash
And never more you'll toil Chorus: You just lay there by the juniper
While the moon is high
And watch them jugs a-fillin
In the pale moonlight 
Build your fires of hickory
Hickory or ash or oak
Don't use no green or rotten wood
They'll catch you by the smoke (Chorus) My daddy he made whiskey
My granddaddy did too
We ain't paid no whiskey tax
Since Seventeen Ninety Two (Chorus) melody: Heitor Villa-Lobos
text: Ruth Valadares Correa Tarde uma nuvem rósea lenta e transparente.
Sobre o espaço, sonhadora e bela!
Surge no infinito a lua docemente,
Enfeitando a tarde, qual meiga donzela
Que se apresta e a linda sonhadoramente,
Em anseios d'alma para ficar bela
Grita ao céu e a terra toda a Natureza!
Cala a passarada aos seus tristes queixumes
E reflete o mar toda a Sua riqueza...
Suave a luz da lua desperta agora
A cruel saudade que ri e chora!
Tarde uma nuvem rósea lenta e transparente
Sobre o espaço, sonhadora e bela! Aria (from Bachianas Brasileiras No. 5)
(English translation) Evening, a rosy, slow and transparent cloud
Over the space dreamy and beautiful
The Moon sweetly appears in the horizon,
Decorating the afternoon like a nice damsel
Who rushes and dreamy adorns herself
With an anxious soul to become beautiful
Shout all Nature to the Sky and to the Earth!
All birds become silent to the Moon's complains
And the Sea reflects its great splendor.
Softly, the shining Moon just awakes
The cruel missing that laughs and cries.
Evening, a rosy, slow and transparent cloud
Over the space dreamy and beautiful... La Llorona Todos me dicen el negro, llorona
Negro pero cariñoso
Yo soy como el chile verde, llorona
Picante pero sabroso Ay, de mi, llorona
Llorona de ayer y hoy
Ayer maravilla fui, llorona
Y ahora ni sombra soy Dicen que no tengo duelo, llorona
Porque no me ven llorar
Hay muertos que no hacen ruido, llorona
Y es mas grande su penar Ay, de mi, llorona
Llorona de azul celeste
Y aunque la vida me cueste, llorona
No dejare de quererte It's a lesson too late for the learnin'
Made of sand, made of sand
In the wink of an eye my soul is turnin'
In your hand, in your hand Are you goin' away with no word of farewell?
Will there be not a trace left behind
Well, I could have loved you better
Didn't mean to be unkind
That was the last thing on my mind You've got reasons a-plenty for goin'
This I know, this I know
For the weeks have been steadily growin'
Please don't go, please don't go Are you goin' away with no word of farewell?
Will there be not a trace left behind
Well, I could have loved you better
Didn't mean to be unkind
That was the last thing on my mind As I lie in my bed in the mornin'
Without you, without you
Each song in my breast dies a-bornin'
Without you, without you Are you goin' away with no word of farewell?
Will there be not a trace left behind
Well, I should have loved you better
Didn't mean to be unkind
That was the last thing on my mind Show me the prison
show me the jail
show me the prisoner whose life has gone stale
and I'll show you, young man,
with so many reasons why,
there but for fortune go you or I. show me the alley
show me the train
show me the hobo who sleeps out in the rain
and I'll show you, young man,
with so many reasons why
there but for fortune go you or I. show me the whiskey stains on the floor
show me the drunkard as he stumbles out the door
and I'll show you, young man,
with so many reasons why,
there but for fortune go you or I. Show me the country where the bombs had to fall
show me the ruins of the buildings, once so tall
and I'll show you young man
with so many reasons why,
there but for fortune go you and I,
you and I. There's a beautiful Rose ever blooming
In the garden of God's love for me;
It has filled all the world with its fragrance,
It will last for eter-ernity. Rose of Sharon now blooming I see,
Blessed Jesus who died on the tree;
With my whole heart I sing "Hallelujah!"
Rose of Sharon so precious to me. Precious Savior I'll always adore Thee,
For with Thee no one else can compare;
By thy love so divine I'm enraptured,
Thou art fairer than all of the fair. Rose of Sharon now blooming I see,
Blessed Jesus who died on the tree;
With my whole heart I sing "Hallelujah!"
Rose of Sharon so precious to me. Are you lost in your sins-- tired of living,
Is your heart filled with bitterness too?
Come to Jesus the sweet Rose of Sharon,
He has power to make you anew. Rose of Sharon now blooming I see,
Blessed Jesus who died on the tree;
With my whole heart I sing "Hallelujah!"
Rose of Sharon so precious to me. Little Moses Away by the waters so blue
The ladies were winding their way
While Pharaoh's little daughter went down to the water
To bathe in the cool of the day
Before it was dark she opened the ark
And found the sweet babe that was there And away by the waters so blue
The infant was lonely and sad
She took him in pity and thought him so pretty
And it made little Moses so glad
She called him her own, her beautiful son
And she sent for a nurse who was near And away by the waters so blue
They carried that beautiful child
To his tender mother, to his sister and brothers
Little Moses looked happy and smiled
His mother so good did all that she could
To raise him and teach him with care And away by the sea that was red
Little Moses the servant of God
While in him confided, the sea was divided
As upwards he lifted his rod
And the Jews safely crossed while Pharaoh's host
Was drownded in the waters and lost And away on a mountain so high
The last that he ever did see
With Israel victorious, his hopes were most glorious
That soon all the Jordan be free
When his spirit did cease, he departed in peace
And rested in the Heavens above Aprendimos a quererte,desde la histrica altura,donde el sol de tu bravura,le puso cerco a la muerte.
Aqu se queda la clara,la entraable transparencia,de tu querida presencia,comandante Ch Guevara.
Tu mano gloriosa y fuerte,sobre la historia dispara,cuando todo Santa Clara,se despierta para verte.
Aqu se queda la clara,la entraable transparencia,de tu querida presencia,comandante Ch Guevara.
Vienes quemando la brisa,con soles de Primavera,para plantar la bandera,con la luz de tu sonrisa.
Aqu se queda la clara,la entraable transparencia,de tu querida presencia,comandante Ch Guevara.
Tu amor revolucionario,te conduce a nueva empresa,donde esperan la firmeza,de tu brazo libertario.
Aqu se queda la clara,la entraable transparencia,de tu querida presencia,comandante Ch Guevara.
Seguiremos adelante,como junto a ti seguimos,y con Fidel te decimos,hasta siempre comandante.
Aqu se queda la clara,la entraable transparencia,de tu querida presencia,comandante Ch Guevara. FOREVER YOUNG May God bless and keep you always.
May your wishes all come true.
May you always do for others
And let others do for you. May you build a ladder to the stars
And climb on every rung
And may you stay
Forever young. May you grow up to be rightous.
May you grow up to be true.
May you always know the truth
And see the light surrounding you. May you always be courageous,
Stand upright, and be strong
And may you stay
Forever young. Forever young.
Forever young.
May you stay
Forever young. May your hands always be busy.
May your feet always be swift.
May you have a strong foundation
When the winter changes shift. May your heart always be joyful.
May your song always be sung
And may you stay
Forever young. Forever young.
Forever young.
May you stay
Forever young. Traditional Well, I had an old dog and his name was Blue,
Had an old dog and his name was Blue.
Had an old dog and his name was Blue...
Betcha five dollars he's a good dog too...
"Here old Blue"
"Good dog you" Well, I shouldered my axe and I tooted my horn,
Went to find 'possum in the new-grown corn.
Old Blue treed and I went to see,
Blue had 'possum up a tall oak tree.
Mmm, boy I roast'd 'possum, nice and brown,
Sweet po-ta-toes, n' all a-round...
And to say "Here old Blue (here-boy)
You can have some too" Now, Old Blue died and he died so hard,
Made a big dent in my back-yard.
Dug his grave with a silver spade,
Lowered him down with a link of chain.
Ev-er-y link I did call his name...
Singing "Here...old... Blue-ue...
"Good dog you" Now, when I get to heaven, first thing I'll do.
When I get to heaven, first thing 'awm do.
When I get to heaven first thing I'll do,
Pull out my horn and call old Blue...
I'll say, "Here Old Blue come-on dog"
"Good dog you." I'll say, "Here Blue-e"
"I'm a coming there too"
"Down boy... good dog" Farewell Angelina
The bells of the crown
Are being stolen by bandits
I must follow the sound
The triangle tingles
And the trumpet play slow
Farewell Angelina
The sky is on fire
And I must go. There's no need for anger
There's no need for blame
There's nothing to prove
Ev'rything's still the same
Just a table standing empty
By the edge of the sea
Farewell Angelina
The sky is trembling
And I must leave. The jacks and queens
Have forsaked the courtyard
Fifty-two gypsies
Now file past the guards
In the space where the deuce
And the ace once ran wild
Farewell Angelina
The sky is folding
I'll see you in a while. See the cross-eyed pirates sitting
Perched in the sun
Shooting tin cans
With a sawed-off shotgun
And the neighbors they clap
And they cheer with each blast
Farewell Angelina
The sky's changing color
And I must leave fast. King Kong, little elves
On the rooftoops they dance
Valentino-type tangos
While the make-up man's hands
Shut the eyes of the dead
Not to embarrass anyone
Farewell Angelina
The sky is embarrassed
And I must be gone. The machine guns are roaring
The puppets heave rocks
The fiends nail time bombs
To the hands of the clocks
Call me any name you like
I will never deny it
Farewell Angelina
The sky is erupting
I must go where it's quiet. Engine 143 Along came the F15 the swiftest on the line
Running o'er the C&O; road just twenty minutes behind
Running into Cevile head porters on the line
Receiving their strict orders from a station just behind Georgie's mother came to him with a bucket on her arm
Saying my darling son be careful how you run
For many a man has lost his life in trying to make lost time
And if you run your engine right you'll get there just on time Up the road he darted against the rocks he crushed
Upside down the engine turned and Georgie's breast did smash
His head was against the firebox door the flames are rolling high
I'm glad I was born for an engineer to die on the C&O; road The doctor said to Georgie my darling boy be still
Your life may yet be saved if it is God's blessed will
Oh no said George that will not do I want to die so free
I want to die for the engine I love one hundred and forty three The doctor said to Georgie your life cannot be saved
Murdered upon a railroad and laid in a lonesome grave
His face was covered up with blood his eyes they could not see
And the very last words poor Georgie said was nearer my God to thee Lyrics as reprinted in Guy and Candie Carawan, Sing for Freedom: The Story of
the Civil Rights Movement through its songs, Bethlehem, PA, 1990, pp. 122-123. Come round by my side and I'll sing you a song.
I'll sing it so softly, it'll do no one wrong.
On Birmingham Sunday the blood ran like wine,
And the choirs kept singing of Freedom.
That cold autumn morning no eyes saw the sun,
And Addie Mae Collins, her number was one.
At an old Baptist church there was no need to run.
And the choirs kept singing of Freedom,
The clouds they were grey and the autumn winds blew,
And Denise McNair brought the number to two.
The falcon of death was a creature they knew,
And the choirs kept singing of Freedom,
The church it was crowded, but no one could see
That Cynthia Wesley's dark number was three.
Her prayers and her feelings would shame you and me.
And the choirs kept singing of Freedom.
Young Carol Robertson entered the door
And the number her killers had given was four.
She asked for a blessing but asked for no more,
And the choirs kept singing of Freedom.
On Birmingham Sunday a noise shook the ground.
And people all over the earth turned around.
For no one recalled a more cowardly sound.
And the choirs kept singing of Freedom.
The men in the forest they once asked of me,
How many black berries grew in the Blue Sea.
And I asked them right with a tear in my eye.
How many dark ships in the forest?
The Sunday has come and the Sunday has gone.
And I can't do much more than to sing you a song.
I'll sing it so softly, it'll do no one wrong.
And the choirs keep singing of Freedom. Yellow is the color of my true love's hair
In the morning, when we rise, In the morning, when we rise
That's the time
That's the time
I love the best Green is the color of the sparkling corn
In the morning, when we rise, In the morning, when we rise
That's the time
That's the time
I love the best Blue is the color of the sky
In the morning, when we rise, In the morning, when we rise
That's the time
That's the time
I love the best Mellow is the feeling that I get
When I see her, uhh-hmm, When I see her, oh yeah
That's the time
That's the time
I love the best Freedom is a word I rarely use
Without thinking, oh yeah, Without thinking, hm-m
Of the time
Of the time
When I've been loved Yellow is the color of my true love's hair
In the morning, when we rise, In the morning, when we rise
That's the time
That's the time
I love the best Be Not Too Hard Be not too hard for life is short
And nothing is given to man.
Be not too hard when he is sold or bought,
For he must manage as best he can.
Be not too hard when he blindly dies
Fighting for things he does not own.
Be not too hard when he tells lies
Or if his heart is sometimes like a stone.
Be not too hard for soon he'll die,
Often no wiser than he began.
Be not too hard for life is short
And nothing is given to man.
And nothing is given to man. SWEET SIR GALAHAD
(Words and Music by Joan Baez) Sweet Sir Galahad
came in through the window
in the night when
the moon was in the yard.
He took her hand in his
and shook the long hair
from his neck and he told her
she'd been working much too hard.
It was true that ever since the day
her crazy man had passed away
to the land of poet's pride,
she laughed and talked alot
with new people on the block
but always at evening time she cried. And here's to the dawn of their days. She moved her head
a little down on the bed
until it rested softly on his knee.
And there she dropped her smile
and there she sighed awhile,
and told him all the sadness
of those years that numbered three.
Well you know I think my fate's belated
because of all the hours I waited
for the day when I'd no longer cry.
I get myself to work by eight
but oh, was I born too late,
and do you think I'll fail
at every single thing I try? And here's to the dawn of their days. He just put his arm around her
and that's the way I found her
eight months later to the day.
The lines of a smile erased
the tear tracks upon her face,
a smile could linger, even stay.
Sweet Sir Galahad went down
with his gay bride of flowers,
the prince of the hours
of her lifetime. And here's to the dawn
of their days,
of their days. Sail away ladies
Ain't no use to sit and cry
You'll be an angel by and by Can't she rock 'em, can't she rock 'em
Can't she rock 'em, daddy-e-o
Can't she rock 'em, can't she rock 'em
Can't she rock 'em, daddy-e-o I got a home in Tennessee
(Sail away, ladies, sail away)
That's the place I wanna be
(Sail away, ladies, sail away) If I ever get my way
(Sail away, ladies, sail away)
Tennessee is where I'll stay
(Sail away, ladies, sail away) Can't she rock 'em, can't she rock 'em
Can't she rock 'em, daddy-e-o
Can't she rock 'em, can't she rock 'em
Can't she rock 'em, daddy-e-o Ever I get my new house done
Give my old one to my son
Ever I finish this porch and stairs
Lie around in my rockin' chair Can't she rock 'em, can't she rock 'em
Can't she rock 'em, daddy-e-o
Can't she rock 'em, can't she rock 'em
Can't she rock 'em, daddy-e-o Ain't no use to sit and cry
You'll be an angel by and by
Won't be a long time 'round this place
So get a look at my funny face Can't she rock 'em, can't she rock 'em
Can't she rock 'em, daddy-e-o
Can't she rock 'em, can't she rock 'em
Can't she rock 'em, daddy-e-o Stewball was a good horse, he wore his head high,
and the mane on his foretop, was fine as silk thread.
I rode him in England, I rode him in Spain,
and I never did lose, boys, I always did gain.
So come all you gamblers, wherever you are,
and don't bet your money on that little grey mare.
Most likely she'll stumble, most likely she'll fall,
but never you'll lose, boys, on my noble Stewball.
As they were a-riding, 'bout halfway round,
that grey mare she stumbled, and fell on the ground.
And way out yonder, ahead of them all,
came a-prancing and a-dancing, my noble Stewball.
Stewball was a race horse, and by the day he was mine,
he never drank water, he always drank wine. (Joan Baez) There is a house in New Orleans
they call the rising sun
and It's been the ruin for many a poor girl, and me, oh God, for one. If I had listened to what my mother said
I'd have been at home today
but I was young and foolish, oh, God, let a rambler lead me astray.
Go tell my baby sister, don't do what I have done but shun that house in New Orleans
they call the Rising Sun.
I'm going back to New Orleans, my race is almost run
I'm going back to spend my life beneath that rising sun. There were three brothers in merry Scotland,
In merry Scotland there were three,
And they did cast lots which of them should go,
should go, should go,
And turn robber all on the salt sea. The lot it fell first upon Henry Martin,
The youngest of all the three;
That he should turn robber all on the salt sea,
Salt sea, salt sea.
For to maintain his two brothers and he. He had not been sailing but a long winter's night
And a part of a short winter's day,
Before he espied a stout lofty ship,
lofty ship, lofty ship,
Come abibing down on him straight way. Hullo! Hullo! cried Henry Martin,
What makes you sail so nigh?
I'm a rich merchant ship bound for fair London town,
London Town, London Town
Would you please for to let me pass by? Oh no! Oh no! cried Henry Martin,
That thing it never could be,
For I am turned robber all on the salt sea
Salt sea, salt sea.
For to maintain my two brothers and me. Come lower your topsail and brail up your mizz'n
And bring your ship under my lee,
Or I will give you a full canon ball,
canon ball, canon ball,
And your dear bodies drown in the salt sea. Oh no! we won't lower our lofty topsail,
Nor bring our ship under your lee,
And you shan't take from us our rich merchant goods,
merchant goods, merchant goods
Nor point our bold guns to the sea. Then broadside and broadside and at it they went
For fully two hours or three,
Till Henry Martin gave to her the deathshot,
the deathshot, the deathshot,
And straight to the bottom went she. Bad news, bad news, to old England came,
Bad news to fair London Town,
There's been a rich vessel and she's cast away,
cast away, cast away,
And all of her merry men drown'd. You don't have to play me backwards
To get the meaning of my verse
You don't have to die and go to hell
To feel the devil's curse Well I thought my life was a photograph
On the family Christmas card
Kids all dressed in buttons and bows
And lined up in the yard
Were the golden days of childhood
So lyrical and warm
Or did the picture start to fade
On the day that I was born I've seen them light the candles
I've heard them bang the drum
And I've cried Mama, I'm cold as ice!
And I got no place to run Let the night begin there's a pop of skin
And the sudden rush of scarlet
There's a little boy riding on a goat's head
And a little girl playing the harlot
There's a sacrifice in an empty church
Of sweet li'l baby Rose
And a man in a mask from Mexico
Is peeling off my clothes I've seen them light the candles
I've heard them bang the drum
And I've cried Mama, I'm cold as ice!
And I got no place to run So I'm paying for protection
Smoking out the truth
Chasing recollections
Nailing down the proof You don't have to play me backwards
To get the meaning of my verse
You don't have to die and go to hell
To feel the devil's curse
I'll stand before your altar
And tell everything I know
I've come to claim my childhood
At the chapel of baby Rose I've seen them light the candles
I've heard them bang the drum
I've seen them light the candles
I've heard them bang the drum Oh, I'll twine with my mingles
And waving black hair
With the roses so red
And the lilies so fair
And the myrtle so bright
With the emerald dew
The pale and the leader
And eyes look like blue Oh I'll dance, I will sing
And my life shall be gay.
I will charm every heart,
In his crown I will sway.
When I woke from my dreaming,
My idols was clay
All portions of love had all flown away Oh he taught me to love him
And promised to love
And to cherish me over
All others above.
How my heart is now wondering
No misery can tell.
He's left me no warning,
No words of farewell Oh, he taught me to love him
And called me his flower
That was blooming to cheer him
Through life's dreary hour.
Oh, I long to see him
And regret the dark hour
He's gone and neglected
This pale wildwood flower Once I knew a pretty girl
I loved her as my life
I'd gladly give my heart and hand
To make her my wife
Ooh, to make her my wife She took me by the hand
She led me to the door
She put her arms around me
Saying, "Please don't come no more"
Ooh, Please, come no more Well, I'd not been gone
But about six months
When she did complain
And she wrote me a letter
Saying, "please come back again."
Ooh, Please, come again So I sent her an answer
Just for to let her know
That no young man should venture
Where once he could not go
Ooh, Where once he could not go. So come all you young lovers
Take a warning from me
And never hang your affections
On a green, growing tree
Ooh, on a green, growing tree For the leaves they will wither
Roots will decay
And the beauty of a young girl
Will soon fade away
Ooh, will soon fade away The joys of love are but a moment long
The pain of love endures the whole life long Your eyes kissed mine, I saw the love in them shine
You brought me heaven right there when your eyes kissed mine My love loves me, a world of wonder I see
A rainbow shines thru my window; my love loves me And now he's gone like a dream that fades in the dawn
But the words stay locked in my heartstrings; my love loves me Plaisir d'amour ne dure qu'on moment
Chagrin d'amour dure toute la vie J'ai toute quitte pour l'ingrate Sylvie
Elle me quit et me prend un autre amour Tant qur cette eau coutera doucement
Vera a ruisseau qui bord la prairie Je t'amerai, me repetait Sylvie
Mais l'eau coute encore elle a change portant recorded by Joan Baez I am a wanderer, feet on the ground
Heart on my sleeve and my head in the clouds
I own the star above some distant shore
Wandering ever more I am a refugee torn from my land
Cast off to travel this world to its end
Never to see my proud mountains again
But I still remember them I am a laborer, sign round my neck
Will work for dignity, trust and respect
Stand on this corner so you don't forget
I haven't had mine yet I am a prisoner pacing my cell
Three steps and back, my corner of hell
Lock me away and you swallow the key
But some day I shall be free And I'll be a wanderer, feet on the ground
Heart on my sleeve and my head in the clouds
I own the star above some distant shore
Wandering ever more Fair young maid all in a garden
Stange young man, passerby
He said, "Fair maid, will you marry me?"
This then, sir, was her reply: Oh, no, kind sir, I cannot marry thee
For I've a love who sails all on the sea.
He's been gone for seven years
Still no man shall marry me What if he's in some battle slain
Or drownded (sic) in the deep salt sea
What if he's found another love
And he and his love both married be? Well, if he's in some battle slain
I will go and mourn all on his grave
And if he's drowned in the deep salt sea
I'll be true to his memory And if he's found another love
And he and his love both married be
I'll wish them health and happiness
Where they dwell across the sea He picked her up all in his arms
Kisses gave her: One, two, three
Said, Here am I, my own true love
I am your long-lost John Riley! THE BALLAD OF SACCO AND VANZETTI, PART TWO Father, yes, I am a prisoner
Fear not to relay my crime
The crime is loving the forsaken
Only silence is shame And now I'll tell you what's against us
An art that's lived for centuries
Go through the years and you will find
What's blackened all of history
Against us is the law
With its immensity of strength and power
Against us is the law!
Police know how to make a man
A guilty or an innocent
Against us is the power of police!
The shameless lies that men have told
Will ever more be paid in gold
Against us is the power of the gold!
Against us is racial hatred
And the simple fact that we are poor My father dear, I am a prisoner
Don't be ashamed to tell my crime
The crime of love and brotherhood
And only silence is shame With me I have my love, my innocence,
The workers, and the poor
For all of this I'm safe and strong
And hope is mine
Rebellion, revolution don't need dollars
They need this instead
Imagination, suffering, light and love
And care for every human being
You never steal, you never kill
You are a part of hope and life
The revolution goes from man to man
And heart to heart
And I sense when I look at the stars
That we are children of life
Death is small Go away from my window
Go away from my door
Go away way from my bedside
And bother me no more
And bother me no more I'll go tell all of my brothers
I'll go tell my shipmates too
The reason that my heart is broke
Is all because of you
Is all because of you I'll give you back your presents
You give me back my ring
And I won't forget my own true love
As long as song birds sing
As long as song birds sing Go away from my window
Go away from my door
Go away way from my bedside
And bother me no more
And bother me no more I'll tell all of my brothers
I'll tell my shipmates too
The reason that my heart is broke
Is all because of you
Is all because of you No woman no cry, no woman no cry
I said no woman no cry, no woman no cry Yes I remember when we used to sit
In the government yard in Trench town
Observing those hypocrits
Mingle with the good people we knew ya
Good friends we knew
And good friends we lost along the way
In this bright future we can't forget the past
So dry your tears I say No woman no cry, no woman no cry
I said no woman no cry, no woman no cry Yes, I remember when we used to sit
In the government yard in Trench town
And georgey would make the fire light
with the burning through the night
and we would cook corn meal poridge
Which I'd share with you ya
And my feet is my only carriage
So I'm gonna push on through Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright
Everything's gonna be alright No woman no cry, no woman no cry
I said no woman no cry, no woman no cry (Elizabeth Cotten) Freight train, freight train going so fast
Freight train, freight train going so fast
Please don't say what train I'm on
and they won't know what route I've gone.
Please don't tell'em what train I'm on
they won't know what route I've gone. When I'm dead and in my grave
no more good times shall I pray,
Place a stone at my head and feet,
tell the world that I've gone to sleep.
Place a stone at my head and feet,
tell the world that I've gone to sleep. Freight train, freight train going so fast
Freight train, freight train going so fast
Please don't tell'em what train I'm on
they won't know what route I've gone. Oh, Mary was a maiden
When the birds began to sing.
She was sweeter than the blooming rose
So early in the spring.
Her thoughts were gay and happy
And the morning gay and fine,
For her lover was a river boy
From the river in the pines. Now Charlie, he got married
To his Mary in the spring
When the trees were budding early
And the birds began to sing.
But early in the autumn
When the fruit is in the wine,
I'll return to you, my darling
From the river in the pines. It was early in the morning
In Wisconsin's dreary clime
When he rode the fatal rapids
For that last and fatal time.
They found his body lying
On the rocky shore below
Where the silent water ripples
And the whispering cedars blow. Now every raft of lumber
That comes down the Chippewa,
There's a lonely grave that's
Visited by drivers on their way
They plant wild flowers upon it
In the morning fair and fine.
'Tis the grave of two young lovers
From the river in the pines I Live One Day At A Time I live one day at a time
I dream one dream at a time
Yesterday's dead, and tomorrow is blind
And I live one day at a time.
Bet you're surprised to see me back at home,
You don't know how I miss you when you're gone
Don't ask how long I plan to stay
It never crossed my mind
'cause I live one day at a time.
I live one day at a time
I dream one dream at a time
Yesterday's dead, and tomorrow is blind
And I live one day at a time.
There's a swallow flyin' across a cloudy sky
Searchin' for a patch of sun so high
Don't ask how long I have to follow him,
Perhaps I won't in time
But I live one day at a time.
I live one day at a time
I dream one dream at a time
Yesterday's dead, and tomorrow is blind
And I live one day at a time.
And I live one day at a time. We're the children of the eighties haven't we grown We're tender as a Lotus and we're tougher than a stone.
And the age of our innocence is somewhere in the garden. We like the music of the sixties It's The Rolling Stones
The Beatles and The Doors.
Flower children
Woodstock and the war.
Ah
but it's getting harder to deceive us.
And we don't care if Dylan's gone to Jesus
Jimmy Hendrix is playing on.
We know Janis Joplin was the Rose
ah
but all the stuff she put in her arm.
We are not alone.
We're the children of the eighties haven't we grown
. . . Some of us are the sisters and the brothers We take a leatherjacket and a single golden earring.
Hang out at Discos
Rock shows
lose our hearing Take uppers
downers
blues and reds and yellows.
Our brains are turning to jello
We are looking forward to the days when we live inside of a purple haze.
And the salvation of the soul is Rock and Roll We are the children of the eighties haven't we grown
. . . Recently have you looked in our eyes Maybe with your conscience in disguise.
We're well informed and we are wise
please stop telling us lies.
We know Afganistan's invaded and we know El Salvador's dictated Ah
but our lives have just begun
we are the warriers of the sun.
We're the golden boys and the golden girls
For a better world.
We are the children of the eighties haven't we grown
. . . Seems like only yesterday
I left my mind behind
Down in the Gypsy Cafe
With a friend of a friend of mine
Who sat with a baby heavy on her knee
Yet spoke of life most free from slavery
With eyes that showed no trace of misery
A phrase in connection first with she occurred
That love is just a four-letter word Outside a rattling store-front window
Cats meowed to the break of day
Me, I kept my mouth shut,
To you I had no words to say
My experience was limited and underfed
You were talking while I hid
To the one who was the father of your kid
You probably didn't think I did, but I heard
You say that love is just a four-letter word I said goodbye unnoticed
Pushed forth into my own games
Drifting in and out of lifetimes
Unmentionable by name
Searching for my double, looking for
Complete evaporation to the core
Though I tried and failed at finding any door
I must have thought that there was nothing more
Absurd than that love is just a four-letter word Though I never knew just what you meant
When you were speaking to your man
I can only think in terms of me
And now I understand
After waking enough times to think I see
The Holy Kiss that's supposed to last eternity
Blow up in smoke, it's destiny
Falls on strangers, travels free
Yes, I know now, traps are only set by me
And I do not really need to be
Assured that love is just a four-letter word Hush-a-bye, don't you cry
Go to sleepy, little baby
When you wake you shall have
All the pretty little horses Way down yonder in the meadow
Lies a poor little lambie
Bees and butterflies, picking out its eyes
Poor little thing's crying, "Mami" Hush-a-bye, don't you cry
Go to sleepy, little baby. I ASKED MY LOVE TO TAKE A WALK,
TO TAKE A WALK, JUST A LITTLE WALK,
DOWN BESIDE WHERE THE WATERS FLOW,
DOWN BY THE BANKS OF THE old OHIO. AND ONLY SAY THAT YOU'LL BE MINE
IN NO OTHER'S ARMS ENTWINE,
DOWN BESIDE WHERE THE WATERS FLOW,
DOWN BY THE BANKS OF THE old old OHIO. I HELD A KNIFE AGAINST HER BREAST
AS INO MY ARMS SHE PRESSED,
SHE CRIED, "OH, WAIT, DON'T MURDER ME,
I'M NOT PREPEARED FOR ETERNITY." AND ONLY SAY THAT YOU'LL BE MINE
IN NO OTHER'S ARMS ENTWINE
DOWN BESIDE WHERE THE WATERS FLOW
DOWN BY THE BANKS OF THE old OHIO I STARTED HOME 'TWIXT TWELVE AND ONE,
I CRIED, "MY GOD, WHAT HAVE I DONE?
KILLED THE ONLY WOMAN I LOVED,
BECAUSE SHE WOULD NOT BE MY BRIDE." AND ONLY SAY THAT YOU'LL BE MINE
IN NO OTHER'S ARMS ENTWINE,
DOWN BESIDE WHERE THE WATERS FLOW,
DOWN BY THE BANKS OF THE OHIO. Llegó con tres heridas:
la del amor,
la de la muerte,
la de la vida.
Con tres heridas viene:
la de la vida,
la del amor,
la de la muerte
Con tres heridas yo:
la de la vida,
la de la muerte,
la del amor. Llegó con tres heridas:
la del amor,
la de la muerte,
la de la vida.
Con tres heridas viene:
la de la vida,
la del amor,
la de la muerte.
Con tres heridas yo:
la de la vida,
la de la muerte,
la del amor. Please Come To Boston
Written by - Dave Loggins
Please come to Boston in the springtime
I'm stayin' here with some friends and they've got lotsa room
You can sell your paintings on the sidewalk
By a café where I hope to be workin' soon
Please come to Boston
I said, 'No, would you come home to me?' And I said, 'Hey ramblin' boy now won't cha settle down?
Boston ain't your kinda town
There ain't no gold and there ain't nobody like me...
I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee' Please come to Denver with the snowfall
We'll move up into the mountains so far that we can't be found
And throw 'I love you' echoes down the canyon
And then lie awake at night till they come back around
Please come to Denver
I said, 'No, boy, would you come home to me?' And I said, 'Hey ramblin' boy why don't cha settle down?
Denver ain't your kinda town
There ain't no gold and there ain't nobody like me
'Cause I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee' Now this drifter's world goes 'round and 'round
And I doubt that it's ever gonna stop
But of all the dreams I've lost or found
And all that I ain't got
I still need a clean to
Somebody I can sing to Please come to LA to live forever
California life alone is just too hard to build
I live in a house that looks out over the ocean
And there's some stars that fell from the sky
Livin' up on the hill
Please come to LA
But I just said, 'No, boy, won't you come home to me?' And I said, 'Hey ramblin' boy why don't cha settle down?
LA can't be your kinda town
There ain't no gold and there ain't nobody like me...
No, no, I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee' 'I'm the number one fan of the man from Tennessee...' THE SWALLOW SONG
(Richard Farina, 1964) Come wander quietly and listen to the wind
Come here and listen to the sky
Come walking high above the rolling of the sea
And watch the swallows as they fly There is no sorrow like the murmur of their wings
There is no choir like their song
There is no power like the freedom of their flight
While the swallows roam alone Do you hear the calling of a hundred thousand voice
Hear the trumbling in the stone
Do you hear the angry bells ringing in the night
Do you hear the swallows when they've flown? And will the breezes blow the petals from your hand
And will some loving ease your pain
And will the silence strike confusion from your soul
And will the swallows come again? Take the ribbon from my hair
Shake it lose and let it fall
Layin soft upon your skin
Like the shadows on the wall Come and lay down by my side
Till the early morning light
All I'm taking is your time
Help me make it through the night I don't care who's right or wrong
I don't try to understand
Let the devil take tomorrow
Lord tonight I need a friend Yersterday is dead and gone
And tomorrow's out of sight
It's so sad to be alone
Help me make it trough the night I don't care who's right or wrong
I don't try to understand
Let the devil take tomorrow
Lord tonight I need a friend Yersterday is dead and gone
And tomorrow's out of sight
It's so sad to be alone
Help me make it trough the night I feel like a lonesome tumbleweed
rolling across an open plain,
I feel like something nobody needs
I feel my life drifting away,
drifting away - I feel like a broken wagon wheel
when I can't jump a slow-moving train
Think I know how a coyote feels
howling just to ease the pain, since you've been away. Lord, I feel like rolling,
rolling along, so keep your big
wind blowing till all my natural
days are gone -
till my days are all gone. Feel like a lonesome tumbleweed
turning end over end.
Once I pulled all my roots free
I became a slave to the wind,
a slave to the wind. Lord, I feel like rolling,
rolling along, so keep your big
wind blowing till all my natural
days are gone -
till my days are all gone. Feel like a lonesome tumbleweed
turning end over end.
Once I pulled all my roots free
I became a slave to the wind,
Just a slave to the wind. I was born a poor poor man
All my life I had hard workin' hands
But I sang a song as I carried my load
Cuz I had a dream about rainbow, rainbow road Then one day my chance came along
A man heard me singin' and playing these old songs
He bought me fine clothes, paid the money I owed
Started me on my way down rainbow, rainbow road Then one night a man wiht a knife
Pushed me till I had to take his life
Fast as fallin' all my friends were gone
That old judge traded me a sentence for a song Just livin' with that ball 'n chain
Had to wear a number 'for they'd ever call my name
Like a dream I'm growing old
But we still sing about rainbow, rainbow read (words by Richard Farina) Oh, now is the time for your loving, dear,
And the time for your company
Now when the light of reason fails
And fires burn on the sea
Oh, now in this age of confusion
I have need for your company. For I am a wild and a lonely child
And the son of an angry man
Now with the high wars raging
I would offer you my hand
For we are the children of darkness
And the prey of a proud, proud land. It's once I was free to go roaming in
The wind of the springtime mind
And once the clouds I sailed upon
Were sweet as lilac wine
Oh, why are the breezes of summer, dear
Enlaced with a grim design? So, now is the time for your loving, dear,
And the time for your company
Now when the light of reason fails
And fires burn on the sea
Oh, now in this age of confusion
I have need for your company.
... the original song of RICHARD FARINA
(copyright Whitmark and Sons) is the following Now is the time for your loving, dear,
And the time for your company
Now when the light of reason fails
And fires burn on the sea
Now in this age of confusion
I have need for your company. It's once I was free to go roaming in
The wind of the springtime mind
It's once the clouds I sailed upon
Were sweet as lilac wine
So why are the breezes of summer, dear
Enlaced with a grim design? And where was the will of my father when
We raised our swords on high?
And where was my mother's wailing when
Our flags were justified?
And where will we take our pleasures when
Our bodies have been denied? For I am a wild and a lonely child
And the child of an angry man
Now with the high wars raging
I would offer you my hand
For we are the children of darkness
And the prey of a proud, proud land. I was born in Portland town
I was born in Portland town
yes I was, yes I was,
Yes I was.
I was born in Portland town,
Got married in Portland town,
Yes I did, yes I did,
Yes, I did.
Got married in Portland town,
Had children one, two, three,
Yes I did, yes I did,
Yes, I did.
They sent them away to war,
Ain't got no kids no more,
No I ain't, no I ain't,
No, I ain't.
I was born in Portland town,
I was born in Portland town,
Yes I was, yes I was,
Yes, I was. He came from his palace grand
He came to my cottage door
His words were few but his looks
Will linger for evermore
The look in his sad dark eyes
More tender than words could be
But I was nothing to him
And he was the world to me. There in her garden she stands
All dressed in fine satin and lace
Lady Mary so cold and so strange
In her heart she could find no place.
He knew I would be his bride
With a kiss for a lifetime fee
But I was nothing to him
And he was the world to me. Now in his palace grand
On a flower strewn bed he lies
His beautiful lids are closed
On his sad dark beautiful eyes
And among the mourners who mourn
Why should I a mourner be
For I was nothing to him
And he was the world to me. For I was nothing to him
And he was the world to me. It won't be easy, you'll think it strange
When I try to explain how I feel
But I still need your love after all that I've done. You won't believe me
All you will see is a girl you once knew
Although she's dressed up to the nines
At sixes and sevens with you. I had to let it happen, I had to change
Couldn't stay all my life down at heel
Looking out of the window, staring out of the sun. So I chose freedom
Running around, trying everything new
But nothing impressed me at all
I never expected it to. Don't cry for me Argentina
The truth is I never left you
All through my wild days
My mad existence
I kept my promise
Don't keep your distance. And as for fortune, and as for fame
I never invited them in
Though it seemed to the world they were all I desired. They are illusions
They are not the solutions they promised to be
The answer was here all the time
I love you and hope you love me. Don't cry for me Argentina ... Don't cry for me Argentina ... 