Let me take you to the movies. can i take you to the show
let me be yours ever truly. can i make your garden grow
From the houses of the holy, we can watch the white doves go
from the door comes satan's daughter, and it only goes to show. you know.
There's an angel on my shoulder, in my hand a sword of gold
let me wander in your garden. and the seeds of love i'll sow. you know.
So the world is spinning faster. are you dizzy when you're stoned
let the music be your master. will you heed the master's call
oh... satan and man.
Said there ain't no use in crying. cause it will only, only drive you mad
does it hurt to hear them lying? was this the only world you had? oh-oh
So let me take you, take you to the movie. can i take you, baby, to the show.
why don't you let me be yours ever truly. can i make your garden grow
you know. We come from the land of the ice and snow,
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow. Hammer of the gods will drive our ships to new land.
To fight the hordes and sing, and cry.
Valhalla, I am coming. Always sweep with, with threshing oar.
Our only goal will be the western shore. Ah, ah. We come from the land of the ice and snow,
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow. How soft your fields so green. Can whisper tales of gore.
Of how we calmed the tides of war. We are your overlords. Always sweep with threshing oar,
Our only goal will be the western shore. So now you'd better stop and rebuild all your ruins.
For peace and trust can win the day despite of all your losing. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh
Ooh. Ah.
Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh.
Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold
And she's buying a stairway to heaven
When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed
With a word she can get what she came for
Ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven There's a sign on the wall, but she wants to be sure
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings
In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven Ooh, it makes me wonder
Ooh, it makes me wonder There's a feeling I get when I look to the west
And my spirit is crying for leaving
In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees
And the voices of those who stand looking Ooh, it makes me wonder
Ooh, it really makes me wonder And it's whispered that soon, if we all call the tune
Then the piper will lead us to reason
And a new day will dawn for those who stand long
And the forests will echo with laughter If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now
It's just a spring clean for the May queen
Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run
There's still time to change the road you're on
And it makes me wonder Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know
The piper's calling you to join him
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow, and did you know
Your stairway lies on the whispering wind? And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our soul
There walks a lady we all know
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold
And if you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last
When all are one and one is all
To be a rock and not to roll
And she's buying a stairway to heaven If the sun refused to shine
I would still be loving you
When mountains crumble to the sea
There will still be you and me Kind woman, I give you my all
Kind woman, nothing more
Little drops of rain whisper of the pain
Tears of loves lost in the days gone by My love is strong, with you there is no wrong
Together we shall go until we die, my, my, my
Inspiration is what you are to me
Inspiration, look 'n' see And so today, my world it smiles
Your hand in mine, we walk the miles
Thanks to you, it will be done
For you to me are the only one
Alright, there Happiness, no more be sad
Happiness, I'm glad If the sun refused to shine
I would still be loving you
Mountains crumble to the sea
There will still be you and me Spent my days with a woman unkind
Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine
Made up my mind, make a new start
Goin' to California with an achin' in my heart
Someone told me there's a girl out there
With love in her eyes and flowers in her hair Took my chances on a big jet-plane
Never let 'em tell ya that they're aw-ooh-all the same
Hoh, the sea was red and the sky was grey
I wonder how tomorrow could ever follow today-hee
Mountains and the canyons start to tremble and shake
The children of the sun begin to awake
Now
Watch out It seems that the wrath of the gods got a punch on the nose
And it's startin' to flow, I think I might be sinkin'
Throw me a line, if I reach it in time
Meet you up there where the path runs straight and high To find a queen without a king
They say she plays guitar and cries and sings, la-la-la-la
Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn
Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born
Standin' on a hill in the mountain of dreams
Tellin' myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems Hey hey mama said the way you move
Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove Ah, ah, child, way you shake that thing
Gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting. Hey hey baby when you walk that way
Watch your honey drip, can't keep away Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh, ah, ah
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh, ah, ah. I gotta roll, can't stand still
Got a flamin' heart, can't get my fill Eyes that shine, burnin' red
Dreams of you all through my head Ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ahhh Hey, baby, whoa baby, pretty baby
Darlin' makes 'em do me now
Hey, baby, oh baby, pretty baby
Move me like you're doin' now Didn't take too long 'fore I found out
What people mean by down and out Spent my money, took my car
Started tellin' her friends she gonna be a star I don't know, but I been told
A big-legged woman ain't got no soul
Oh yeah, oh yeah, ah, ah, ah
Oh yeah, oh yeah, ah, ah, ah
All I ask for when I pray
A steady rollin' woman won't come my way
Need a woman gonna hold my hand
Tell me no lies, make me a happy man
Ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah ah, ahhh.
Ah, yeah! Leaves are fallin' all around, time I was on my way
Thanks to you, I'm much obliged for such a pleasant stay
but now it's time for me to go, the autumn moon lights my way
for now I smell the rain, and with it, pain and it's headed my way
Aw, sometimes I grow so tired
but I know I've got one thing I got to do A-ramble on, and now's the time, the time is now Sing my song, I'm goin' 'round the world, I gotta find my girl
On my way, I've been this way ten years to the day Ramble on, gotta find the queen of all my dreams Got no time to for spreadin' roots, the time has come to be gone
And though our health we drank a thousand times
it's time to ramble on A-ramble on, and now's the time, the time is now
Sing my song, I'm goin' 'round the world
I've gotta find my girl
On my way, I've been this way ten years to the day
I gotta ramble on, I gotta find the queen of all my dreams
I tell you no lie
Mine's a tale that can't be told, my freedom I hold dear
How years ago in days of old when magic filled the air
'twas in the darkest depths of Mordor, mm-I met a girl so fair
but Gollum and the Evil One crept up and slipped away with her
her, her, yeah, and ain't nothin' I can do, no
I guess I'll keep on ramblin', I'm gonna
Sing my song/Sh-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, I've gotta find my baby
I'm gonna ramble on, sing my song
Gonna work my way all around the world
Baby, baby/Ramble on, yeah
A-do-do-n-do-n-do-n-do, my baby/Baby
A-ramble on, baby
A-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-de-do-de-do-de-do-de-do-de, yeah, yeah/
I can't stop this feelin' in my heart
Everytime I feel I will leave, I really gotta part
Gotta keep searchin' for my baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, babe
I've gotta keep a-searchin'for my baby
My, my, my, my, my, my, my baby
Yeah-yeah, a-yeah-yeah, a-yeah-yeah
My, my, my, my, my, my baby
Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah
Ooh, my, my, my-my, my-my, my-my, yeah
I can't find my bluebird, I'd listen to my bluebird sing
but I, I can't find my bluebird
I keep a-ramblin' baby
Ah, ah, yeah
I keep a-ramblin', baby
I keep, keep, keep, keep, keep Oh, let the sun beat down upon my face, with stars to fill my dream.
I am a traveler of both time and space to be where I have been.
To sit with elders of a gentle race this world has seldom seen.
Who talk of days for which they sit and wait
When all will be revealed. Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace
Sounds caress my ear.
Though not a word I heard could I relate
The story was quite clear.
Whoa-oh-hoh
Whoa-oh, whoa-oh Oooh, oh, baby, I've been flyin'
No, yeah, mama cares, ain't no denyin'
Oh, oooh yeah, I've been flyin'
Mama My, ain't no denyin', no denyin', no... Oh, all I see turns to brown
As the sun burns the ground.
And my eyes fill with sand
As I scan this wasted land.
Tryin' to find, tryin' to find where I've been, ah-ah, ah-ah... Oh, pilot of the storm who leaves no trace
like thoughts inside a dream.
Heed the path that led me to that place with yellow desert stream.
My Shangri-La beneath the summer moon, I will return again.
Sure as the dust that blows high in June, when movin' through Kashmir. Oh, father of the four winds, fill my sails
Across the sea of years
With no provision but an open face
Along the straits of fear.
Whoa-oh, whoa-oh
Whoa-oh-hoh, oh, ohh Oh, when I'm on, when I'm on my way, yeah
When I see, when I see the way you stay, yeah-eah
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, when I'm down, oh
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, when I'm down, so down...
Ooh, my baby, ooh, my baby, let me take you there...
Oh, oh, come on, come on, oh, let me take you there...
Let me take you there, woo, yeah-yeah, woo, yeah-yeah
Let me take you there... Measuring a summer's day
I only find it slips away to gray
And the hours they bring me pain
Tangerine, tangerine
Living reflection from a dream
I was her love, she was my queen
And now, a thousand years between
Thinking how it used to be
Does she still remember times like these
To think of us again
And I do
Tangerine, tangerine
Living reflection from a dream
I was her love, she was my queen
And now, a thousand years between You need coolin', baby, I'm not foolin',
I'm gonna send you back to schoolin',
Way down inside honey, you need it,
I'm gonna give you my love,
I'm gonna give you my love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love
Wanna Whole Lotta Love
Wanna Whole Lotta Love
Wanna Whole Lotta Love You've been learnin', baby, I been learnin',
All them good times, baby, baby, I've been yearnin',
Way, way down inside honey, you need it,
I'm gonna give you my love... I'm gonna give you my love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love
Wanna Whole Lotta Love
Wanna Whole Lotta Love
Wanna Whole Lotta Love You've been coolin', baby, I've been droolin',
All the good times I've been misusin',
Way, way down inside, I'm gonna give you my love,
I'm gonna give you every inch of my love,
Gonna give you my love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love
Wanna Whole Lotta Love
Wanna Whole Lotta Love
Wanna Whole Lotta Love Way down inside... woman... You need... love Shake for me, girl. I wanna be your backdoor man
Keep it coolin', baby. It is the springtime of my loving
the second season I am to know
You are the sunlight in my growing
so little warmth I've felt before.
It isn't hard to feel me glowing
I watched the fire that grew so low. It is the summer of my smiles
flee from me Keepers of the Gloom.
Speak to me only with your eyes
It is to you I give this tune.
Ain't so hard to recognize
These things are clear to all from time to time. Talk Talk
I've felt the coldness of my winter
I never thought it would ever go.
I cursed the gloom that set upon us...
But I know that I love you so These are the seasons of emotion
and like the winds they rise and fall
This is the wonder of devotion
I seek the torch we all must hold.
This is the mystery of the quotient
Upon us all, upon us all a little rain must fall...
It's just a little rain... Should I fall out of love, my fire in the light
To chase a feather in the wind
Within the glow that weaves a cloak of delight
There moves a thread that has no end For many hours and days that pass ever soon
The tides have caused the flame to dim
At last the arm is straight, the hand to the loom
Is this to end or just begin? All of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love, to you now
All of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love, to you now The cup is raised, the toast is made yet again
One voice is clear above the din
Proud Aryan one word, my will to sustain
For me the cloth once more to spin Oh, all of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love, for you now
All of my love, all of my love
Yes, all of my love, to you child Yours is the cloth, mine is the hand that sews time
His is the force that lies within
Ours is the fire, all the warmth we can find
He is a feather in the wind Oh, all of my love, all of my love
Oh, all of my love, to you now
All of my love, oh-oh
Yes, all of my love, to you now All of my love, all of my love
All of my love, love
Sometimes, sometimes, alright
Sometimes, sometimes, oh, oh
Hey-hey-hey, hey-hey-
hey-hey
Ooh, ooh, yeah
It's, all, all, all, all, all of my love, all of my love
All of my love, to you now
All of my love, all of my love
All of my love
To, to you and you and you and you
I get a little bit lonely, just a little, just a little
Just a little bit lonely, just a little bit lonely
Hey- hey-hey-hey- hey-hey-hey- hey-hey-hey, yes now, ooh yeah, ooh oh,
Ooh yeah, I get a little bit
lonely when I think about it
When I think about it
It's got to be, its got be
All my love, ah ah, yeah
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
All my love... Hey fellas, have you heard the news? You know that Annie's back in town?
It won't take long just watch and see how the fellas lay their money down.
Her style is new but the face is the same as it was so long ago,
But from her eyes, a different smile like that of one who knows. Well, it's been ten years and maybe more since I first set eyes on you.
The best years of my life gone by, here I am alone and blue.
Some people cry and some people die by the wicked ways of love;
But I'll just keep on rollin' along with the grace from the Lord above. People talkin' all around 'bout the way you left me flat,
I don't care what the people say, I know where their jive is at.
One thing I do have on my mind, if you can clarify please do,
It's the way you call me another guy's name when I try to make love to you.
I try to make love but it ain't no use.
Give it to me
Give it Work so hard I couldn't unwind, get some money saved;
Abuse my love a thousand times, however hard I tried.
Heartbreaker, your time has come, can't take your evil way;
Go away, Heartbreaker.
Heartbreaker!
Heartbreaker!
Heart! Oh!
Workin' from seven to eleven ev'ry night
It really makes life a drag
I don't think that's right.
I've really, really been the best of fools
I did what I could, yeah
'Cause I love you, baby
How I love you, darling
How I love you, baby
How I love you, girl, little girl.
But baby, Since I've Been Loving You, yeah
I'm about to lose my worried mind, oh, yeah.
Ev'rybody trying to tell me
That you didn't mean me no good.
I've been trying, Lord, let me tell you
Let me tell you I really did the best I could.
I've been working from seven to eleven ev'ry night
I said It kinda makes my life a drag.
Lord, that ain't right, no no!
Since I've Been Loving You
I'm about to lose my worried mind.
Said I been cryin, yeah!
Oh my tears they felt like rain.
Don't you hear?
Don't you hear them falling?
Don't you hear?
Don't you hear them falling?
Do you remember, mama, when I knocked upon your door?
I said you had the nerve to tell me
You didn't want me no more, yeah
I open my front door, hear my back door slam
You must have one of them new fangled
New fangled back door man
I've been working from seven, seven, seven
To eleven ev'ry night
It kinda makes my life a drag, a drag, drag
Ah, yeah, it makes a drag.
Baby, Since I've Been Loving You
I'm about to lose
I'm about to lose, lose my worried mind.
Just one more!
Oh yeah
Since I've Been Loving You, I'm about to lose my worried mind. Oh baby Well there's a light in your eye that keeps shinin'
Like a star that can't wait for night.
I hate to think I been blinded baby.
Why can't I see you tonight?
An' the warmth of your smile starts a burnin'
An' the thrill of your touch give me fright
And I'm shakin' so much, really yearnin'.
Why don't you show up and make it alright-yeah?
It's alright-right. And if you promised you'd love so completely
An' you said you would always be true
You swore that you never would leave me baby
Whatever happened to you?
An' you thought it was only in movies
As you wish all your dreams would come true, hey.
It ain't the first time believe me baby
I'm standin' here feelin' blu_e, blue-hah!.
Yes I'm blue. Oh babe Now I will stand in the rain on the corner
I watch the people go shufflin' downtown.
A-nother ten minutes no longer
An' then I'm turnin' around 'round.
An' the clock on the wall's movin' slower
Oh my heart it sinks to the ground
An' the storm that I thought would blow over
Clouds the light of the love that I found, found. Light of the love that I found.
Light of the love that I found.
Oh that I found. Hey babe. Oooh hand that ticks on the clock
Just don't seem to stop
When I'm thinking it over. Oooh tired of the light
I just don't seem to find.
Have you wait, yeah played. Whoah oooh, I see it in my dreams
But I just don't seem to be with you, you
I gotta get it all, gotta get it all, gotta get it all
I've got to get all. Ooh now my body is starting to quiver
An' the palms of my hands gettin' wet oh.
I got no reason to doubt you baby
It's all a terrible mess.
An' I'll run in the rain 'til I'm breathless
When I'm breathless I'll run 'til I drop, hey!
An' the thoughts of a fool's gotta count of careless
I'm just a fool waitin' on the wrong block ohh-yeah.
Hey now. Ohhhhoh hohh.
Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I ...
Light of the love that I found
Light of the hey now
Light of the hey now
Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I found It's been a long time since I rock and rolled
It's been a long time since I did the stroll
Ooh, let me get it back, let me get it back, let me get it back
Mmm baby, where I come from It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Yes, it has It's been a long time since the book of love
I can't count the tears of a life with no love
Carry me back, carry me back, carry me back
Mmm baby, where I come from, whoa whoa It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Ah, ah, ah Oh, it seems so long since we walked in the moonlight
Makin' vows that just couldn't work right
Haw yeah, open your arms, open your arms, open your arms
Baby, let my love come running in, yeah It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah hey
Ooh yeah, ooh ooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh ooh yeah
It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time Close the door, put out the light You know they won't be home tonight
The snow falls hard and don't you know The winds of thor are blowing cold
They're wearing steel that's bright and true
They carry news that must get through
They choose the path where no one goes They hold no quarter, they hold no quarter Walking side by side with death
The devil mocks their every step
The snow drives back the foot that's slow
The dogs of doom are howling more
They carry news that must get through To build a dream for me and you They choose the path where no one goes
They hold no quarter, they ask no quarter
The pain, the pain without quarter
They ask no quarter
The dogs of doom are howling more! Singing in the sunshine, laughing in the rain
Hitting on the moonshine, rolling in the grain Got no time to pack my bag, my foots outside the door
Got a date, I can't be late, for the high hopes hailla ball
Ah ha oh oh yeah
Singing to an ocean, I can hear the ocean's roar Play for free, play for me and play a whole lot more, more!
Singing about good things and the sun that lights the day
I used to sing on the mountains, has the ocean lost it's way
I don't know Oh oh yeah Uh uh yeah
La la la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la La la la la la la la la la la Sitting round singing songs 'til the night turns into day
Used to sing on the mountains but the mountains washed away
Now I'm singing all my songs to the girl who won my heart
She's only three years old, and its a real fine way to start
Oh yeah
Sure she's fine
I go my mind
Going in there yeah yeah
Oh so good This is a song of hope There's a lady who's sure
All that glitters is gold
And she's buying a stairway to heaven
An' when she gets there she knows
If the stores are all closed
With a word she can get what she came for Oohoohooh oohoohoohoohooh
And she's buying a stairway to heaven There's a sign on the wall
But she wants to be sure
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings
In a tree by the brook
There's a songbird that sings
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven An' I think you can see that
Ohh And it makes me wonder, sure does
Oh hoh hoh, hohooh ohoohohooh yes sir There's a feelin' I get
When I look to the west
And my spirit is crying for leaving
In my thoughts I have seen
Rings of smoke through the trees
And the voices of those who stand looking Ah hah. Ah hah
Ah hah. Ah hah. Ahhhahhohoohohooh
Ohoohohooh
Ohoohohoohohohoh And it's whispered that soon
If we all call the tune
A-then the piper will lead us to reason
And a new day will dawn
For those who stand long
And the forests will echo with laughter Does anybody remember laughter? Baby, oh yeah
Just give it to me, give it to me, give it to me Sure does, sure does
But I got some good news, listen... If there's a bustle in your hedgerow
Don't be alarmed now
It's just a spring clean for the May queen
Yes, there are two paths you can go by
But in the long run
And there's still time to change the road you're on, I hope so Oohh, baby baby darlin
Thank ya darlin'
Thank ya darlin'
Thank ya darlin'
Thank ya... A-wait a minute, a-wait a minute Your head is hummin' and it won't go
In case ya don't know
The piper's callin' you to join him
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow
And did you know
Your stairway lies on the whisperin' wind
Ohh hah hahhahhh
(Guitar Solo)
And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our souls
There walks a lady we all know
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold, yeah
And if-a you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last
When all is one and one is all
To be a rock and not to roll, not to roll
Don't make me roll
An' she's buying a stairway to heaven In my time of dying
Want nobody to mourn
All I want for you to do
Is take my body home. Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Well, well, well, so I can die easy. Jesus gotta make up, sure know
Jesus gotta make up
Jesus gonna make up my dyin' bed. Meet me, Jesus, meet me
Ooh, meet me in the middle of the air
If my wings should fail me, Lord
Oh, please meet me with another pair. Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Oh-oh, well, well, well, so I can die easy. Jesus gotta make up, somebody, somebody
Oh, oh, Jesus gotta make up
Jesus gonna make it my dyin' bed. Oh, Saint Peter, at the gates of heaven
Won't you let me in?
I never did no harm
I never did no wrong. Oh, oh, Gabriel, oh, let me blow your horn
Let me blow your horn
Oh, I never did no harm
Did no wrong. I've only been young once
I never thought I'd do anybody no wrong,
No, not once, oh. Oh, good! Oh, I did somebody so good
Somebody some good, yeah, I saw. Oh, did somebody some good, yeah
I musta did somebody some good, yeah
Oh, I believe I did. I see the smiling faces, yeah
I know there must be lipstick traces, oh. And I see them in the streets
And I see them in the fields, yeah,
And I hear them under my feet
And I know it's got to be real
Oh, Lord, deliver me
All the wrong I've done
Oh, you can deliver me, Lord, yeah
I only wanted to have some fun. Oh, hear, the angels marching, marching
They been marching, keep it marching, yeah, marching. Oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus
Oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus
Oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus
Oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus, oh, my Jesus
Oh, my Je... ah-oh, ah, my Je...
Hey, yeah, that's got to be my Jesus
Whoa-whoa! It's got to be, it's got to be my Jesus
It's got to be, oh
It's got to be my Jesus
Oh, oh, take me home. Come on, come on
I can hear the angels singing
Oh, here they come, here they come, here they come. Bye-bye, bye-bye
Bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye
Oh, feels pretty good up here, pretty good up here. I'll touch Jesus, I'll touch Jesus, I'll touch Jesus
I'll touch Jesus, I'll touch Jesus
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah
Oh, I see him
Come on
Take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it,
Take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it
Ooh, yes, come on, oh, oh, yeah! Oh, don't you make it my dyin', dyin', dyin'... cough. That's gonna be the one, asn't it?
Come 'n have a listen, then.
Oh, yes, thank you. Been dazed and confused
for so long, it's not true
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you
Lotsa people talkin' few of them know
Soul of a woman was created below, yeah
You hurt and abuse
tellin' all of your lies
Run 'round, sweet baby, lord, how they hypnotize Sweet little baby, I don't know where you been
Gonna love you, baby, here I come again
Every day I work so hard, bringin' home my hard-earned pay Try to love you, baby, but you push me away Don't know where you're goin'
only know just where you've been
Sweet little baby, I want you again
(That's not my babe)
Ah, ah, ah, ah
(Did you ever look up my woman)
Ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah
Ahh, ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ahhh, ahh Oh, yeah, alright, alright Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Oh, I don't like when you're mystifyin' me
Oh, don't leave me so confused, now
Whoa, baby
Been dazed and confused for so long, it's not true
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you
Take it easy, baby
let them say what they will
Tongue wag so much when I send you the bill
oh, yeah, alright Ahhhhh
How many more times, treat me the way you wanna do
How many more times, treat me the way you wanna do
When I give you all my love, please, please be true I give you all I've got to give, rings, pearls and all
I give you all I've got to give, rings, pearls and all
I got to get you together, baby
I'm sure, sure you're gonna call
Oh, wanna love some other man too I was a young man, I couldn't resist
Started thinkin' it over just what I had missed
Got me a girl and I kissed her, and then, and then
whoops, oh, no, yeah, well I did it again
Now I've got ten children of my own
I got another child on the way, that makes eleven
But I'm in constant Heaven
I know it's alright in my mind 'cause I got a little schoolgirl and she's all mine
I can't get through to her 'cause it doesn't permit
but I'm gonna give her everything I've got to give
Oh, Rosie, oh, girl Oh, Rosie, oh, girl
Steal away, now, steal away
Steal away, baby, steal away
Little Robert Anthony wants to come and play
A-why don'tcha come with me, baby, steal away
Alright, alright
Well, they call me the Hunter, that's my name Call me the Hunter, that's how I got my fame
Ain't no need to hide, ain't no need to run
'cause I got you in the sights of my gun
How many more times, barrelhouse all night long, alright How many more times, barrelhouse all night long
Well, I've got to get to you, baby
So-whoa-whoa-whoa please come home
Why don't you listen to me, babe
Why don't you please come home
Why don't you please come home
Why don't you please come, home Walkin' in the park just the other day, Baby,
What do you, what do you think I saw?
Crowds of people sittin' on the grass with flowers in their hair said,
"Hey, Boy, do you wanna score?"
And you know how it is;
I really don't know what time it was, woh, oh,
So I asked them if I could stay awhile. I didn't notice but it had got very dark and I was really,
Really out of my mind.
Just then a policeman stepped up to me and asked us said,
"Please, hey, would we care to all get in line,
Get in line."
Well you know, They asked us to stay for tea and have some fun,
Oh, oh, he said that his friends would all drop by, ooh. Why don't you take a good look at yourself and describe what you see,
And Baby, Baby, Baby, do you like it?
There you sit, sitting spare like a book on a shelf rustin'
Ah, not trying to fight it.
You really don't care if they're coming, oh, oh,
I know that it's all a state of mind, ooh. If you go down in the streets today, Baby, you better,
You better open your eyes.
Folk down there really don't care, really don't care, don't care, really don't
Which, which way the pressure lies,
So I've decided what I'm gonna do now.
So I'm packing my bags for the Misty Mountains
Where the spirits go now,
Over the hills where the spirits fly, ooh.
I really don't know. Wanna tell you about the girl, I love
My she looks so fine
She's the only one that I been dreamin' of
Maybe someday she will be all mine I wanna tell her that I love her so
I thrill with her every touch
I need to tell her
She's the only one I really love I got a woman, wanna ball all day
I got a woman, she won't be true, no
I got a woman, stay drunk all the time
I said, I got a little woman and she won't be true On Sunday morning when we go down to church
See the menfolk standin' in line
Don't say they come to pray to the Lord
When my little girl, looks so fine And in the evening when the sun is sinkin' low
Everybody's with the one they love
I walk the town, keep a-searchin' all around
Lookin' for my street corner girl I got a woman, wanna ball all day
I got a woman, she won't be true, no no
I got a woman, stay drunk all the time
I said, I got a little woman and she won't be true In the bars, with the men who play guitars
Singin', drinkin' and rememberin' the times
And my little lover does the midnight shift
She ball around all the time I guess there's just one thing a-left for me to do
So I pack my bags and move on my way
'Cause I got a worried mind, sharin' what I thought was mine
Gonna leave her where the guitars play I got a woman, she won't be true, no no
I got a woman, wanna ball all day, yeah yeah, no no
I got a woman, stay drunk all the time
I got a little woman and she won't be true Hey hey, what can I do?
Oh oh, what can I say?
Hey hey, what can I do?
Oh oh, what can I say?
Hey hey, what can I do?
Oh oh, what can I say?
Hey hey, what can I do?
Hey hey, what can I do?
I got a woman, she won't be true
Lord, hear what I say
I got a woman, wanna ball all day
Oh oh, what can I say?
Hey hey, what can I do? Bright light, almost blindin'
Black night still there shinin'
I can't stop, keep on climbin'
Lookin' for what I knew Had a friend, she once told me
"You got a love, you ain't lonely"
Now she's gone and left me only
Lookin' for what I knew Mm, I'm tellin' you, now
The greatest thing you ever can do, now
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now
It's very easy, just-a Met a man on the roadside cryin'
Without a friend, there's no denyin'
You're incomplete, there'll be no findin'
Lookin' for what you knew So anytime somebody needs ya
Don't let 'em down, although it grieves ya
Someday you'll need someone like they do
Lookin' for what you knew Mm, mm, I'm tellin' you, now
The greatest thing you ever can do, now
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue, now
It's very easy, just-a, oh, yeah
Ah, nah, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, yeah I'm tellin' you, now
The greatest thing you ever can do, now
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue, now
It's very easy, it's very easy
It's very easy, it's easy, easy, yeah, yeah, yeah I don't know how I'm gonna tell you
I can't play with you no more
I don't know how I'm gonna do what mama told me
My friend, the boy next door.
I can't believe what people saying
You're gonna let your hair hang down
I'm satisfied to sit here working all day long
You're in the darker side of town. And when I'm out I see you walking
Why don't your eyes see me
Could it be you've found another game to play
What did mama say to me. That's the way, oh
That's the way it ought to be
Yeah, yeah, mama say
That's the way it ought to stay. And yesterday I saw you standing by the river
And weren't those tears that filled your eyes
And all the fish that lay in dirty water dying
Had they got you hypnotized? And yesterday I saw you kissing tiny flowers
But all that lives is born to die.
And so I say to you that nothing really matters
And all you do is stand and cry. I don't know what to say about it
When all you ears have turned away
But now's the time to look and look again at what you see
Is that the way it ought to stay? That's the way...
That's the way it oughtta be
Oh don't you know now, mama said.
That's the way it's gonna stay, yeah.
Mama said, mama said...
that's the way it's gonna stay, yeah. ahh, ahhh, ahhhhhhhh If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break
If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break
When the levee breaks, I'll have no place to stay. Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan, Lord
Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan
It's got what it takes to make a mountain man leave his home
Oh well, oh well, oh well Don't it make you feel bad
When you're tryin' to find your way home
You don't know which way to go?
If you're goin' down south
They got no work to do
If you're going down to Chicago. A-ah, a-ah, a-ah.
Cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good
No, cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good When the levee breaks, mama, you got to move, ooh.
All last night sat on the levee and moaned
All last night sat on the levee and moaned Thinkin' 'bout my baby and my happy home
Ah-oh
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
Goin'
I'm goin' to Chicago
Goin' to Chicago
Sorry, but I can't take you, ahhh
Goin' down, goin' down now
Goin' down, goin' down now
Goin' down, goin' down
Goin' down, goin' down.
Goin' down, goin' down now
Goin' down, goin' down now
Goin' down, goin' down now
Goin' down, goin' down-down-down-down-down. Then as it was, then again it will be
An' though the course may change sometimes
Rivers always reach the sea
Blind stars of fortune, each have several rays
On the wings of maybe, down in birds of prey
Kind of makes me feel sometimes, didn't have to grow
But as the eagle leaves the nest, it's got so far to go Changes fill my time, baby, that's alright with me
In the midst I think of you, and how it used to be Did you ever really need somebody, And really need 'em bad
Did you ever really want somebody, The best love you ever had
Do you ever remember me, baby, did it feel so good
'Cause it was just the first time, And you knew you would Through the eyes an' I sparkle, Senses growing keen
Taste your love along the way, See your feathers preen
Kind of makes makes me feel sometimes, Didn't have to grow
We are eagles of one nest, The nest is in our soul Vixen in my dreams, with great surprise to me
Never thought I'd see your face the way it used to be
Oh darlin', oh darlin' I'm never gonna leave you. I never gonna leave
Holdin' on, ten years gone
Ten years gone, holdin' on, ten years gone I should have quit you a long time ago
Ooh-whoa, yeah, yeah, long time ago
I wouldn't be here, my children
Down on this killin' floor I should have listened, baby, a-to my second mind
Oh, I should have listened, baby, to my second mind
Everytime I go away and leave ya, darlin'
a-send me the blues, rain down the line, no Hey, yeah-yeah-yeah, keep up, yeah, oh, yeah Babe-yeahh, yeah, treat me right, baby
Ooh-whoa, whoa-whoa, my, my, my, my-hah
Now take it down a little bit
People tell me baby can't be satisfied-a
Try to worry me, b-ba-baby
but I never did end up guit-chewin' myself
People worry, baby, can't keep you satisfied
Huh, let me tall ya, babe
Ah, you ain't nothin' but a nn-two-bit, no-good jive I went to sleep last night, I work as hard as I can-a
I bring home my money, you take my money, give it to another man
I should have quite you, baby
Oh, such a long time ago-ho
I wouldn't be hear with all my troubles
Down on this killin' floor Squeeze me, babe, 'till the juice runs down my leg
Do, squeeze, squeeze me, baby, until the juice runs down my leg
The way you squeeze my lemon-a
I'm gonna fall right outta bed, 'ed, 'ed, bed, yeah Yeah
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Juice, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Hey, babe, babe, babe, babe, oh, no
No, no, now, now
I'm gonna leave my children down on this killing floor Hey lady, you got the love I need
Maybe more than enough
Oh darling, darling, darling walk a while with me
Oh, you've got so much
So much...
So much... Many times I loved
Many times been bitten
Many times i've gazed
Along the open road. Many times i've lied
Many times i've listened
Many times i've wondered
How much there is to know
Many dreams come true
And some have silver linings
I live for my dream
And a pocketful of gold. Mellow is the man
Who knows what he's been missing
Many many men
Cant see the open road. Many is a word
That only leaves you guessing
Guessing bout a thing
You really ought to know, ooh! You really ought to know. I really ought to know! Oooh, you know I should
you know I should
you know I should And if you feel that you can't go on. And your will's sinkin' low
Just believe and you can't go wrong.
In the light you will find the road. You will find the road Oh, did you ever believe that I could leave you, standing out in the cold
I know how it feels 'cause I have slipped through to the very depths of my soul.
Baby, I just want to show you what a clear view it is from every bend in the road.
Now listen to me
Oh, whoa-whoa, as I was and really would be for you, too, honey
As you would for me, oh, I would share your load.
Let me share your load. Ooh, let me share, share your load And if you feel that you can't go on
In the light you will find the road Though the winds of change may blow around you, but that will always be so
When love is pain it can devour you, if you are never alone
I would share your load. I would share your load
Baby, let me, oh, let me Everybody needs the light.
In the light, in the light, in the light Light, light, light, in the light
Light, light, light, in the light, ooh, yeah
Light, light, light, in the light I've got a baby y'know
Treats me fine
I got a little woman wanna give it but, uh
I get it all the time
Well she's my
Sunshine baby
She's nice and kind to me
Well she give me breakfast in the mornin'
You know she
Also makes my tea Hey! She got no diamond, you know
Shine like gold
Got a mortgage on my body
Got a lien on my soul When my baby walks ya know
Her front teeth they shine like gold, yes they do
Well-a ya know she shine like diamond
But she got a mortgage on my soul, hah! Get up, get up, now! [harmonica solo] Hah! Ah! [piano solo] My baby when she walks, you know
Shakes just like a willow tree
Yeah my baby when she walks, you know
Shakes just like a willow tree
But she's so mean and evil
She makes a monkey outta me Oh yeah, my my my Ah, I caught you smilin' at me, that's the way it should be
Like a leaf is to a tree, so fine
Ah, all the good times we had, I sung love songs so glad
Always smilin', never sad, so fine As we walk down the country lanes
I'll be singin' a song, you hear me callin' your name
Hear the wind whisper in the trees
Tellin' Mother Nature 'bout you and me Well, if the sun shines so bright, or our way is dark as night
The road we choose is always right, so fine
Ah, could any love be so strong when so many loves go wrong
Will our love go on and on and on and on and on and on? As we walk down the country lanes
I'm singin' a song, hear me callin' your name
Hear the wind whisper in the trees
Tellin' Mother Nature 'bout a-you and me My, my, law-de-law, come on, now, it ain't too far
Tell your friends all around the world
Ain't no companion like a blue-eyed Merle Come on, now, well, let me tell ya
What you're missin', messin' around them brick walls So, of one thing I am sure, it's a friendship so pure
Angels singin' all 'round my door, so fine
Yeah, ain't but one thing to do, spend my natural life with you
You're the finest dog I knew, so fine When you're old and your eyes are dim
There ain't no 'Old Shep' gonna happen again
We'll still go walkin' down country lanes
I'll sing the same old song, hear me call your name Dancing days are here again,
As the summer evenings grow.
I got my flower, I got my power,
I got a woman who knows. I said it's alright,
You know it's alright,
I guess it's all in my heart.
You'll be my only,
My one and only,
Is that the way it should start? Crazy ways are evident,
By the way you wearin' your clothes.
Sippin' booze is precedent,
As the evening starts to glow. You know it's alright,
I said it's alright,
You know it's all in my heart.
You'll be my only,
My one and only,
Is that the way it should start? Do Ya? You told your mother I'd get you home,
But you didn't say that I got no car.
I saw a lion, he was standin' alone,
With a tadpole in a jar. You know it's alright,
I said it's alright,
I guess it's all in my heart, heart, heart.
You'll be my only,
My one and only,
Is that the way it should start? So dancing days are here again,
As the summer evenings grow.
You are my flower, you are my power,
You are my woman who knows. I said it's alright,
You know it's alright,
You know it's all in my heart.
You'll be my only, yes
My one and only, yes
Is that the way it should start?
I know it isn't. With a purple umbrella and a fifty cent hat
Livin' lovin' she's just a woman.
Missus cool rides out in her aged cadillac.
Livin' lovin' she's just a woman. *come on babe on the round about
Ride on the merry go round
We all know what your name is
So you better lay your money down. Alimony alimony payin' your bills
Livin' lovin' she's just a woman.
When your conscience hits you knock it back with pills.
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. * chorus Tellin' tall (helen told?) tales of how it used to be,
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.
With the butler and the maid and the servants three (servantry?).
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman, oh, you got it.
Nobody hears a single word you say.
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.
But you keep on talkin' till your dyin' day.
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman. * chorus Livin', lovin', she's just a woman I-I, I can't quit you, babe
So I'm gonna put you down for a while
I said I can't quit you, babe
I guess I got to put you down for a while
Said, you messed up my happy home
Made me mistreat my only child
Yes, you did, babe, oh Said, you know I love you, baby
My love for you I could never hide
Oh, you know I love you, babe
My love for you I could never hide
A-when I feel you near me, little girl
I know you are my one desire, whoa-oh, oh-oh, yeah Oh, that's wonderful, whoa
Whoa
That's wonderful yeah! When ya hear me moanin' and groanin', baby
You know it hurts me deep down inside
Oh, when ya hear me moanin' and groanin', babe
You know it hurts me deep down inside
Oh, a-when you hear me hollar, baby
You know you're my one desire, yes, you are, oh alright You said I was the only, With my lemon in your hand
Exhibition is your habit, Emotion second hand.
Had to pull away to save me, Maybe next time around
And she said, 'don't you wanna'?
Don't you wanna cook it, cook it, cook it? Hadn't planned to, could not stand to try it, fry it, na na na yeah.
Heard a cry for mercy, In the cfvity of the damned
Oh oh babe, damned. Down in the pits you go no lower
The next stop's underground. Oh, hello underground.
Wine and roses ain't quite over, fate deals a losing hand And I said: didn't mean to... did not mean to fail
You didn't plan it, you over-ran it You wanna do it, you wanna
You wanna do it when you wanna
You wanna do it, do it when you wanna
When you blow it, babe, You got to blow it right
Oh baby, if you fake it, mama, Baby, fake with all your might When you fake it, mama, Please fake it right (for yourself babe)
When you fake it baby You're fakin' it for your life, for your life, for your life, for your life
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, Do it when you wanna Do it, do it, do it, Do it when you wanna
Oh, I can have you, baby, But I don't know what to do, yeah
Sometime, baby, nothin' I could do
On the balance of a crystal, Payin' through the nose
And when they couldn't resist you, I thought you'd go with the flow.
And now your stage is empty, bring down the curtain, baby please.
Fold up your show
Hadn't planned to, Could not stand to fry in it
Hadn't planned it, I over-ran it, (fryin)
For your life, For your life. It was an April morning when they told us we should go
As I turn to you, you smiled at me
How could we say no? With all the fun to have, to live the dreams we always had
Oh, the songs to sing, when we at last return again Sending off a glancing kiss, to those who claim they know
Below the streets that steam and hiss,
The devil's in his hole Oh to sail away, To sandy lands and other days
Oh to touch the dream, Hides inside and never seen. Into the sun the south the north, at last the birds have flown
The shackles of commitment fell, In pieces on the ground Oh to ride the wind, To tread the air above the din
Oh to laugh aloud, Dancing as we fought the crowd To seek the man whose pointing hand, The giant step unfolds
With guidance from the curving path, That churns up into stone If one bell should ring, in celebration for a king
So fast the heart should beat, As proud the head with heavy feet. Days went by when you and I, bathed in eternal summers glow
As far away and distant, Our mutual child did grow Oh the sweet refrain, Soothes the soul and calms the pain
Oh Albion remains, sleeping now to rise again Wandering & wandering, What place to rest the search
The mighty arms of Atlas, Hold the heavens from the earth The mighty arms of Atlas, Hold the heavens from the earth
From the earth...
Earth...
Earth... I know the way, know the way, know the way, know the way
I know the way, know the way, know the way, know the way Oh the mighty arms of Atlas, Hold the heavens from the earth. in the days of my youth
i was told what it means to be a man
and now i've reached that age
i've tried to do all those things the best i can
no matter how i try
i find my way to the same old jam good times, bad times, you know I've had my share
when my woman left home for a brown-eyed man
but i still don't seem to care sixteen, i fell in love with a girl as sweet as could be
it only took a couple of days 'till she was rid of me
she swore that she woul d be all mine, love me 'till the end
but when i whispered in her ear, i lost another friend, oh good times, bad times, you know i've had my share
when my woman left home for a brown-eyed man
but i still don't seem to care ...
good times, bad times, you know i've had my share
when my woman left home for a brown-eyed man but i still don't seem to care
i know what it means to be alone
i sure do wish i was at home
i don't care what the neighbours say
i'm gonna love you, each and every day
you can feel the beat within my heart
realize, sweet babe, we ain't never gonna part
i feel good when i look into your eyes Ah, ah, ahhh, ah ah ah ahhh, ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh ahhhh
Ah, ah, ahhh, ah ah ah ahhh, ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh ahhhh
Ah, ah, ahhh, ah ah ah ahhh, ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh ahhhh
Oh, nobody's fault but mine, yeah
Nobody's fault but mine, yeah
Trying to save my soul to light
Oh, it's nobody's fault but mine
Devil he told me to roll-ah
The devil he told me to roll-oll-oll-oll
How to roll the log tonight
Nobody's fault but mine
Ah, ah, ahhh, ah ah ah ahhh, ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh ahhhh
Ah, ah, ahhh, ah ah ah ahhh, ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh ahhhh
Ah, ah, ahhh, ah ah ah ahhh, ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh ahhhh
(Harmonica Solo)
Brother, show me the door
Brother, show me the ding dong ding dong
I will get down rolling tonight
Oh, it's nobody's fault but mine
Gotta monkey on my back
The m-m-m-m-monkey on my back, back, back, back
Gonna change my ways tonight
Nobody's fault but mine
(Guitar Solo)
Ah, ah, ahhh, ah ah ah ahhh, ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh ahhhh
Ah, ah, ahhh, ah ah ah ahhh, I will get down rolling tonight
N-n-n-n-n-n-nobody's fault but mine In the evening
When the day is done,
I'm looking for a woman,
Oh, but the girl don't come
So don't let her
Play you for a fool
She don't show no pity baby,
No, no, she don't make no rules. Oh, oh, I need your love
I need your love
Oh, I need your love
I just gotta have. So don't you let her,
Oh, get under your skin
It's only bad luck and trouble,
Oh, from the day that you begin
I hear you crying in the darkness,
No, don't ask nobody's help
Oh, ain't no pockets full of mercy baby,
'Cause you can only blame yourself. Oh, I need your love
Oh, oh, I need your love
Ooh, yeah, I need your love
I've gotta have. Ooh, it's simple
All the pain that you go through
You can turn away from fortune, fortune, fortune,
'Cause that's all that's left to you
Hey, it's lonely at the bottom
Man, it's dizzy at the top
But if you're standing in the middle, oh,
Ain't no way you're gonna stop. Oh, baby
Oh, oh, I need your love
Oh, oh, I need your love
Oh, oh, I need your love
I've got to have. Ooh, whatever
That your days may bring
No use hiding in a corner, oh, no
'Cause that won't change a thing
If you're dancing in the doldrums,
One day soon it's got to stop, it's got to stop
When you're the master of the off-chance,
Well, you don't expect a lot, oh. Oh, I need your love
Oh, oh, I need your love
Ooh, yeah, I need your love,
I've got to have, I've got to have. Baby, I've got to have your love
I've got to have
Oh, baby, I've got to have your love, whoa
Oh, oh, oh, oh, I've got to have your love
Just got, I've just got
I've just got to have your love
Oh, oh, oh... Babe, baby, baby, I'm gonna leave you,
I said baby, you know I'm gonna leave you,
I'll leave you when the summertime
Leave you when the summer comes a-rollin'
Leave you when the summer comes along. Babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, baby Baby, I don't wanna leave you
I ain't jokin' woman
I got to ramble.
Oh, yeah, baby, baby, I believin'
We really got to ramble.
I can hear it callin' me the way it used to do
I can hear it
callin' me back home! Babe... I'm gonna leave you
Oh, baby, you know
I've really got to leave you
Oh I can hear it callin 'me
I said don't you hear it
callin' me the way it used to do? I know, I know, I know I never never never never never
gonna leave your babe
But I got to go away from this place
I've got to quit you, yeah
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, babyooh don't you hear it callin' me?
Woman, woman, I know, I know
It feels good
to have you back again
And I know that one day baby
it's really gonna grow, yes it is. We gonna go walkin' through the park
every day.
Come what may, every day It was really, really good.
You made me happy every single day.
But now... I've got to go away!
Baby, baby, baby, baby
That's when it's callin' me
I said that's
When it's callin' me
Back home... Queen of light took her bow
And then she turned to go
The prince of peace embraced the gloom
And walked the night alone.
Oh dance in the dark of night
Sing to the morn ing light.
The dark lord rides in force tonight
And time will tell us all.
Oh throw down your plow and hoe
Rest not to lock your homes.
Side by side we wait the might
Of the darkest of them all.
I hear the horses' thunder
Down in the valley blow,
I'm waiting for the angels of avalon,
Waiting for the eastern glow.
The apples of the valley hold,
The seas of happiness,
The ground is rich from tender care,
Repay, do not forget, no, no.
Oh,-------dance in the dark of night,
Sing to the morning light.
The apples turn to brown and black, the tyrant's face is red.
Oh the war is common cry, pick up you swords and fly.
The sky is filled with good and bad
That mortals never know.
Oh, well, the night is long, the beads of time pass slow,
Tired eyes on the sunrise, waiting for the eastern glow.
The pain of war cannot exceed
The woe of aftermath,
The drums will shake the castle wall,
The ring wraiths ride in black, ride on.
Sing as you raise your bow,
Shoot straighter than before.
No comfort has the fire at night
That lights the face so cold.
Oh dance in the dark of night,
Sing to the mornin' light.
The magic runes are writ in gold
To bring the balance back, bring it back.
At last the sun is shining, the clouds of blue roll by,
With flames from the dragon of darkness
The sunlight blinds his eyes I've been to London, seen seven wonders
I know to trip is just to fall
I used to rock it, sometimes I'd roll it
I always knew what it was for There can be no denyin' that the wind'll shake 'em down
And the flag we're flyin' is the new flag of the land
Just join hands
If we could just join hands
If we could just join With fields aplenty when Heaven sent me
I saw the kings who ruled them all
Still by the firelight and purple moonlight
I hear the rustic river's call And the wind is cryin' from a love that won't grow cold
My lover, she is lyin' on the dark side of the globe Could just join hands
If we could just join hands
If we could just join hands, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Do it, ow You got me rockin' when I oughta be rollin'
Darlin', tell me, darlin', which way to go
Keep me rockin' baby, can you keep me strollin'
Won'tcha tell me, darlin', which way to go, that's right Oh how I wonder, oh how I worry
and I would dearly like to know
How all this squander of earthly plunder
will leave us anything to show And our time is flyin'
See the candle burnin' low
Is the new world risin'
from the shambles of the old If we could just join hands
If we could just join hands
If we could just, if we could just
If we could just, if we could just
If we could just join hands, hey That's all it takes, that's all it takes
That's all it takes, that's all it takes
Hey-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, ooh yeah, ah, ah, yeah
That's right, that's right, that's right, that's right Let me take you to the movies.
Can I take you to the show
Let me be yours ever truly.
Can I make your garden grow From the houses of the holy,
we can watch the white doves go
From the door comes Satan's daughter,
and it only goes to show. You know. There's an angel on my shoulder,
In my hand a sword of gold
Let me wander in your garden.
And the seeds of love I'll sow.
You know. So the world is spinning faster.
Are you dizzy when you stall?
Let the music be your master.
Will you heed the master's call
Oh... Satan man. Said there ain't no use in crying.
Cause it will only, only drive you mad
Does it hurt to hear them lying?
Was this the only world you had? Oh-oh So let me take you, take you to the movie.
Can I take you, baby, to the show.
Why don't you let me be yours ever truly.
Can I make your garden grow
You know. Sisters of the way-side bide their time in quiet peace,
Await their place within the ring of calm;
Still stand to turn in seconds of release,
Await the call they know may never come.
In times of lightness, no intruder dared upon
To jeopardize the course, upset the run;
And all was joy and hands were raised toward the sun
As love in the halls of plenty overrun. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Still in their bliss unchallenged mighty feast,
Unending dances shadowed on the day.
Within their walls, their daunting formless keep,
Preserved their joy and kept their doubts at bay.
Faceless legions stood in readiness to weep,
Just turn a coin, bring order to the fray;
And everything is soon no sooner thought than deed,
But no one seemed to question in anyway. Ah, ah, ah, ah. How keen the storied hunter's eye prevails upon the land
To seek the unsuspecting and the weak;
And powerless the fabled sat, too smug to lift a hand
Toward the foe that threatened from the deep.
Who cares to dry the cheeks of those who saddened stand
Adrift upon a sea of futile speech?
And to fall to fate and make the 'status plan'
And the Lord there in heaven would never preach. I'm singin',
Ah, ah, ah, ah. Where was your word, where did you go?
Where was your helping, where was your bow? Bow. Dull is the armor, cold is the day.
Hard was the journey, dark was the way. Way. I heard the word; I couldn't stay. Oh.
I couldn't stand it another day, another day,
Another day-ay, day-ay, another day, another day. Touched by the timely coming,
Roused from the keeper's sleep,
Release the grip, throw down the key. Held now within the knowing,
Rest now within the peace.
Take of the fruit, but guard the seed. They had to stay! Held now within the knowing,
Rest now within the beat.
Take of the fruit, but guard the seed. Oh, take of the fruit, but guard the seed. Hangman hangman hold it a little while
Think I see my friends coming
Riding many a mile.
Friends did you get some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me my dear friends To keep me from the gallows pole?
What did you bring me to keep me from the gallows pole?
I couldn't get no silver, I couldn't get no gold
You know that we're too damn poor
To keep you from the gallows pole.
Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while
I think I see my brother coming Riding a many mile.
Brother'd you get me some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me, my brother To keep me from the gallows pole
Brother, I brought you some silver (yeah)
I brought a little gold
I brought a little of ev'ry thing
To keep you from the gallows pole. Yes, I brought you to keep you from the gallows pole.
Hangman, hangman, turn your head awhile
I think I see my sister coming Riding a many mile, mile, mile.
Sister, I implore you, take him by the hand
Take him to some shady bower
Save me from the wrath of this man
Please take him Save me from the wrath of this man, man.
Hangman, hangman, upon your face a smile
Pray tell me that I'm free to ride
Ride for many mile, mile, mile.
Oh, yes, you got a fine sister
She warmed my blood from cold
Brought my blood to boiling hot
To keep you from the gallows pole.
Your brother brought me silver
Your sister warmed my soul
But now I laugh and pull so hard
And see you swinging on the gallows pole
But now I laugh and pull so hard
And see you swinging on the gallows pole
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Keep-a-swingin'!
Keep-a-swingin'!
Keep-a-swingin'!
Keep it, keep it!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Ah-ha-ha
Swingin'
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
See-saw marjory daw
See-saw knock at my door Silent woman in the night, you came, Took my seed from my shaking frame.
Same old fire, another flame, And the wheel rolls on. Silent woman through the flames, you come, From the deep behind the sun
Seems my nightmares, have just begun
Left me barely holding on. With blazing eyes you see my trembling hand.
When we know the time has come
Lose my senses, lose command
Feel your healing rivers run Is it every time I fall, That I think this is the one
In the darkness can you hear me call
Another day has just begun. Silent woman, my face is changed
Some know in ways to come.
Feel my fire needs a brand new flame
And the wheels rolls on... rolls on. And if I say to you tomorrow
Take my hand, child, come with me
It's to a castle I will take you
Where what's to be, they say will be Catch the wind, see us spin, sail away
Leave today, way up high in the sky and whoa
But the wind won't blow
You really shouldn't go, it only goes to show
That you will be mine, by taking our time And if you say to me tomorrow
Oh, what fun it all would be
Then what's to stop us, pretty baby
But what is and what should never be Catch the wind, see us spin, sail away
Leave today, way up high in the sky and whoa
But the wind won't blow
You really shouldn't go, it only goes to show
That you will be mine, by taking our time So if you wake up with the sunrise
And all your dreams are still as new
And happiness is what you need so bad
Girl, the answer lies with you Catch the wind, see us spin, sail away
Leave today, way up high in the sky and whoa
But the wind won't blow
You really shouldn't go, it only goes to show
That you will be mine, by taking our time Oh, the wind won't blow and we really shouldn't go
And it only goes to show
Catch the wind, we're gonna see it spin
We're gonna sail, little girl Everybody I know seems to know me well
But they're never gonna know that I move like hell Hey, girl, stop what you're doin'
Hey, girl, you'll drive me to ruin
I don't know what it is I like about you, but I like it a lot
Won't you let me hold you, now, let me feel your lovin' touch Communication breakdown, it's always the same
Havin' a nervous breakdown, a-drive me insane Hey, girl, I got somethin' I think you oughta know
Hey, babe, I wanna tell ya that I love you so
I wanna hold you in my arms, yeah
I'm never gonna let you go, 'cause I like your charm Communication breakdown, it's always the same
Havin' a nervous breakdown, drive me insane, ow, suck Communication breakdown, it's always the same
Havin' a nervous breakdown, a-drive me insane, yeah Communicate, I want you to love me all night
I want you to love me all night, I want, hey, I want, yeah
I want you to love me, I want you to love, babe
I want you to love, yeah, I want you to love
Hey, I want you to love, yeah, I want you to in the days of my youth
i was told what it means to be a man
and now i've reached that age
i've tried to do all those things the best i can
no matter how i try
i find my way to the same old jam good times, bad times, you know I've had my share
when my woman left home for a brown-eyed man
but i still don't seem to care sixteen, i fell in love with a girl as sweet as could be
it only took a couple of days 'till she was rid of me
she swore that she woul d be all mine, love me 'till the end
but when i whispered in her ear, i lost another friend, oh good times, bad times, you know i've had my share
when my woman left home for a brown-eyed man
but i still don't seem to care ...
good times, bad times, you know i've had my share
when my woman left home for a brown-eyed man but i still don't seem to care
i know what it means to be alone
i sure do wish i was at home
i don't care what the neighbours say
i'm gonna love you, each and every day
you can feel the beat within my heart
realize, sweet babe, we ain't never gonna part
i feel good when i look into your eyes Greasy slicked down body,
groovy leather trim
I like the way you hold the road,
mama, it ain't no sin Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout... Trouble-free transmission,
helps your oil's flow
Mama, let me pump your gas,
mama, let me do it all Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout... Check that heavy metal
underneath your hood
Baby, I could work all night,
believe I've got the perfect tools Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout... Automobile with cover,
really built with style
Special is tradition,
mama, let me feast my eyes Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout ... Factory air-conditioned,
heat begins to rise
Guaranteed to run for hours,
mama it's a perfect size Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout ... Groovin' on the freeway,
gauge is on the red
Gun down on my gasoline,
I believe I'm gonna crack a head. Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout ...
I can't stop talkin' about...
I can't stop talkin' about... Come to me for service every hundred miles
Baby, let me check your points,
fix your overdrive Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout ... Fully automatic, comes in any size
Makes me wonder what I did, before we synchronized Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout ... Feather-light suspension,
coils just couldn't hold
I'm so glad I took a look inside your showroom doors Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout love
Talkin' 'bout ... Oh, I can't stop talkin' about love.
I can't stop talkin' about love.
Oh, let me go on down, go on down
Go on down, go on down, go on down
Yes I can't stop talkin' about
I can't stop talkin' about love
I can't stop talkin' about love or my baby
I can't stop talkin' about love, my baby
My baby, my baby yeah Uh, push, push, push it, push, push, push You know you shook me, you shook me all night long
You know you shook me baby, you shook me all night long
You shook me so hard baby, baby, baby, please come home I have a bird that whistles, and I have birds that sing
I have a bird that whistles, and I have birds that sing
Ha-ha-ha, I have a bird won't do nothin', aah-ah, oh-whoa
Buy a diamond ring, yeah Ow, ow
Huh, hah
Alright, ah, yeah You know, you shook me, baby, you shook me all night long
I know you really, really did, babe
I said, you shook me, baby, you shook me all night long
You shook me so hard, baby
Babe, ah-ah, ah-ow, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-da-da, ah-ah-ah-da-da
You shook me aw-ooh-aw-ooh-aw-ooh-aw-ooh
aw-ooh-aw-ooh-aw-ooh-all night lo-ooh-ong Drop down, baby, let your daddy see. 
Drop down, mama, just dream of me 
Well, my mama allow me to fool around all night long 
Well, I may look like I'm crazy, I should know right from wrong  See me comin', throw your man out the door 
Ain't no stranger, been this way before 
See me comin', mama, throw your man out the door 
I ain't no stranger, I been this way before.  Put on your night shirt and your morning gown 
You know by night I'm gonna shake 'em down 
Put on your night shirt Mama, and your morning gown 
Well, you know by night I'm gonna shake 'em down  Your custard pie, yeah, sweet and nice 
When you cut it, mama, save me a slice 
Your custard pie, I declare, it's sweet and nice 
I Like your custard pie 
When you cut it, mama... mama, please save me a slice.  Save me a slice of your custard pie. 
Drop down Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
You don't have to go oh-oh-oh oh
You don't have to go oh-oh-oh oh
You don't have to go I I I I I I
All those tears I cry I I I I
All those tears I cry oh-oh I I
Baby please don't go When I read the letter you wrote me made me mad mad mad
When I read the words that it told me made me sad sad sad
But I still love you so
I can't let you go
I love you
Ooh baby I love you
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Every breath I take oh-oh-oh oh Oh, every move I make
Oh, baby please don't go
I I I I I I
You hurt me to my soul oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh You hurt me to my soul oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Darling please don't go
When I read the letter you sent me made me mad mad mad
When I read the news that it brought me made me sad sad sad But I still love you so
And I can't let you go
I love you
Ooh baby I love you
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
You don't have to go oh-oh-oh-oh
You don't have to go oh-oh-oh-oh
Oh, baby babe please please please please Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh baby
Oh-oh I really love you baby
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh darlin'
Oh-oh Oh baby I still love you so
Oh baby I still love you so
Oh-oh oh-oh
Oh-oh oh-oh-oh-oh yeah
Ah-ah ah-ah-ah-ah oh...
Ah-ah ah-ah ah
Ooh... yeah
Ah baby baby I had a dream. Crazy dream
Anything I wanted to know, any place I needed to go Hear my song. People won't you listen now? Sing along
You don't know what you're missing now
Any little song that you know
Everything that's small has to grow
And it has to grow! California sunlight, sweet Calcutta rain
Honolulu Starbright - the song remains the same Sing out Hare Hare, dance the Hoochie Koo
City lights are oh so bright, as we go sliding... sliding... sliding through Oh, baby, it's cryin' time
Oh, baby, I got to fly
Got to try to find a way
Got to try to get away
'Cause you know I gotta get away from you, babe
Oh, baby, the river's red
Oh, baby, in my head
There's a funny feelin' goin' on
I don't think I can hold out long And when the owls cry in the night
Oh, baby, baby, when the pines begin to cry
Baby, baby, baby, how do you feel?
If the rivers runs dry, baby, how do you feel? Craze, baby, the rainbow's end
Mmm, baby, it's just a den for those who hide
Who hide their love to depths of life
And ruin dreams that we all knew so, babe And when the owls cry in the night
And baby, when the pines begin to cry
Oh, baby, baby, how do you feel?
If the rivers runs dry, baby, how do you feel? (Baby, how do you feel?) Oh yeah, the brave I endure
Oh yeah, strong shields and lore
And they can't hold the wrath of those who walk
And the boots of those who march
Baby, though the roads of time so long ago Lyin' cheatin' hurtin that's all you seem to do.
Messin' around with every guy in town
Puttin' me down for thinkin' of someone new.
Always the same playin' your game
Drive me insane trouble is gonna come to you One of these days and it won't be long
You'll look for me but baby I'll be gone.
This is all I gotta say to you woman: Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come... Made up my mind to break you this time, Won't be so fine, it's my turn to cry.
Do want you want, I won't take the brunt.
It's fadin' away, can't feel you anymore.
Don't care what you say 'cause I'm goin' away to stay,
Gonna make you pay for that great big hole in my heart.
People talkin' all around,
Watch out woman, no longer
Is the joke gonna be on my heart.
You been bad to me woman,
But it's coming back home to you. Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come
Your time is gonna come As I walk down the highway, all I do is sing a song
And a train that's passin' my way helps the rhythm move along
There is no doubt about, the words are clear
The voice is strong, it's oh, so strong Just a simple guy, and live from day to day
A ray of sunshine melts my frown, blows my blues away
There's nothin' more that I can say
But on a day like today, I'll pass the time away
And walk a quiet mile with you All I need from you is all your l-love
All you gotta give to me is all your love
All I need from you is all your love
All you gotta give to me is all your love
Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah I'm so glad I'm livin', (stop), gonna tell the world I am
I got me a fine woman and she says that I'm her man
A-one thing that I know for sure
Gonna give her all the lovin' like nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody can Standin' in the noon-day sun tryin' to flag a ride
People go and people come, see my rider right by my side
It's a total disgrace, they set the pace
It must be race
The best thing I can do is run All I need from you is all your love
All you gotta give to me, all your love
All I need from you is all your love
All you gotta give to me is all your love
Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah, hey Aw, yeah, aw, yeah, aw, yeah
Oh, just remember said you'd be my one
All I really said was 'be my one'
Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah
Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah
Ah-hah-hah-hah-hah-hah, yeah, yeah
Ah-hah-hah-hah-hah-hah-hah, yeah, yeah How come twenty four hours, baby sometimes seem to slip into days?
Oh twenty four hours, baby sometimes seem to slip into days
When a minute seems like a lifetime, oh baby when I feel this way
Sittin, lookin at the clock, time moves so slow
I've been watchin for the hands to move, until I just can't look no more
How come twenty four hours, baby sometimes seem to slip into days?
A minute seems like a lifetime, baby when I feel this way
To sing a song for you, I recall you used to say "Oh baby this one's for we two", which in the end is you anyway
How come twenty four hours, baby sometimes seem to slip into days? A minute seems like a lifetime, baby when I feel this way
There was a time that I stood tall, in the eyes of other men But by my own choice I left you woman, and now I can't get back again
How come twenty four hours, sometimes seem to slip into days?
A minute seems like a lifetime, baby when I feel this way
A minute seems like a lifetime, oh baby when I feel this way...
...I feel this way Let me take you to the movies. can i take you to the show
let me be yours ever truly. can i make your garden grow
From the houses of the holy, we can watch the white doves go
from the door comes satan's daughter, and it only goes to show. you know.
There's an angel on my shoulder, in my hand a sword of gold
let me wander in your garden. and the seeds of love i'll sow. you know.
So the world is spinning faster. are you dizzy when you're stoned
let the music be your master. will you heed the master's call
oh... satan and man.
Said there ain't no use in crying. cause it will only, only drive you mad
does it hurt to hear them lying? was this the only world you had? oh-oh
So let me take you, take you to the movie. can i take you, baby, to the show.
why don't you let me be yours ever truly. can i make your garden grow
you know. Been in town, my baby, We just got to rock on
Yeah, darling, we just got to go home
I don't want no tutti-frutti, no lollipop
Come on, baby, just rock, rock, rock. Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, honey
We've been shakin' all night
Oh, darlin', we just got to roll right
Ooh, my head... rock on. Hey babe, hey babe It starts out like a murmur 
Then it grows like thunder 
Until it bursts inside of you 
Try to hold it steady 
Wait until you're ready 
Any second now will do 
Throw the door wide open 
Not a word is spoken 
Anything that you want to do  Ya know, ya know, ya know...  Don't you feel the same way? 
Don't you feel the same way? 
But you don't know what to do 
No time for hesitatin' 
Ain't no time for hesitatin' 
All you got to do is move 
They say you're feeling blue, well 
I just found a cure 
It's a thing you gotta do, yeah  Ya know, ya know, ya know...  Now listen: You say your body's aching? 
I know that it's aching 
Chill bumps come up on you 
Yeah, the funny fool 
I love the funny fool 
? Just like foolin' after school? 
And then you ask for medication 
Who cares for medication 
When you've worn away the cure  Ya know, ya know, ya know... 
Go back to the country 
Yeah, go back to the country 
Feel a change is good for you 
When you keep convincin' 
Ah, don't keep convincin' 
What's that creeping up behind a you? 
It's just an old friend 
It's just an old friend 
And what's that he's got for you?  Ya know, ya know, ya know...  Do your dance do your dance do your dance 
Oooooh, medication. Medication! Medication! Asked sweet mama, Let me be her kid 
She said, "You might get hurt if you don't keep it hid"  Well I know my baby, If I see her in the dark 
I said I know my rider, If I see her in the dark  Now, I goin' to Rosedale, Take my rider by my side 
Still barrelhouse, If it's on the riverside, yeah 
I know my baby, Lord, I said, is really sloppy drunk
I know my mama, Lord, a brownskin, but she ain't no plum  See my baby, tell her, Tell her hurry home 
Had no lovin', since my baby been gone 
See my baby, Tell hurry on home 
I ain't had, Lord, my right mind, Since my rider's been gone  Hey, she promises, She's my rider 
I wanna tell you, She's my rider 
I know you're mine, She's my rider 
She ain't but sixteen, But she's my rider  I'm goin' to Rosedale, Take my rider by side 
Anybody argue with me man, I'll keep them satisfied 
Well, see my baby, tell her, Tell her the shape I'm in 
Ain't had no lovin', Lord, since you know when  Spoken: Why don't you come into my kitchen  She's a kindhearted lady. She studies evil all the time 
She's a kindhearted woman. She studies evil all the time  Squeeze my lemon 'til the juice runs down my leg 
Squeeze it so hard, I'll fall right out of bed 
Squeeze my lemon, 'til the juice runs down my leg  Spoken: I wonder if you know what I'm talkin' about  Oh, but the way that you squeeze it girl 
I swear I'm gonna fall right out of bed  She's a good rider 
She's my kindhearted lady 
I'm gonna take my rider by my side 
I said her front teeth are lined with gold 
She's gotta mortgage on my body, got a lien on my soul 
She's my brownskin sugar plum Baby, baby
I'm gonna bring it on home to you
I've got my ticket, I've got that load
Got up, gone higher, all aboard
I'ma take my seat, right way back
Ooh yeah, I watch this train roll down the track
Gonna bring it on home Bring it on home to you
Watch out, watch out that move
Try to tell you baby What you tryin' to do
Tryin' to love me baby
Love some other man too
Bring it on home, bring it on home Went a little walk downtown
Messed and got back late
Found a note there waiting It said,? Daddy, I just can't wait?
Bring it on home, bring it on home
Bring it back home, bring it back home to me baby
Tell you, pretty baby You love to mess me 'round
I'm gonna give you lovin', baby
Gonna move you out of town
Bring it on home, bring it on home
Sweetest little baby, Daddy ever saw
I'm gonna give you lovin' baby
I'm gonna give you more
Bring it on home, bring it on home
Bring it on home, alright
Bring it on home, bring it on home to you Oh, she's my baby,
Let me tell you why
Hey, she drives me crazy
She's the apple of my eye
'Cause she is my girl
And she can never do wrong
If I dream too much at night,
Somebody please bring me down. Hey, I love that little lady
I got to be her fool
Ain't no other like my baby,
I can break the golden rule
'Cause I get down on my knees,
Oh, I pray that love won't die
And if I always try to please,
I don't know the reason why, yeah. If she would come back,
Only stay with me
Every little bit, every little bit
Every little bit of my love
I give to you, girl
Every little bit, every little bit
Every little bit, every little bit of my love. Hit me! I don't have to go by plane
I ain't gotta go by car
I don't care just where my darling is
People I just don't care how far. I'm gonna crawl
I'm gonna crawl
Ah, hooh-hooh
I don't wanna crawl, baby
Ah, say-yeah-hey-yeah-hey. She give me good love, yeah
She give me good lovin'
She give me good love, yeah
She give my good lovin'
My baby give me good lovin'
Ooh, yes, I love her, I guess I love her
Yes, I love her
I wanna crawl. Rendest rachib, rhud rhip zelp
Borachs un fun dehl noach, shochen zoap Oh oh, oh yeah
Ah ah, oh yeah And your city will fall
And your corn won't grow
To the silence from the temple
Hear the truth explode It is written in the dust
It is whispered in the wind
From the wisdom of the fathers
Where the word begins Ah ah, oh yeah
Oh oh, oh yeah In the kingdom of gold
And the stolen chance
You can join the celebration
See the children dance And the bells will ring
And the crowds will roar
And the sand in the glass
Can pour no more Yallah, yallah, yallah, yallah
Yallah, yallah, yallah, yallah Oh oh, oh yeah
Oh oh, oh yeah The rivers will freeze
And the hosts descend
Through the fires and the storms
To the bitter end And the treasures and the gifts
And the words and truths
Will be cast to the heavens
With Oomrah fruit Ah ah, oh yeah
Oh oh, oh yeah And your city will fall
And your corn won't grow
To the silence from the temple
Hear the truth explode It is written in the dust
It is whispered in the wind
From the wisdom of the fathers
Where the word begins Down by the seaside
See the boats go sailin'
Can the people hear
What the little fish are sayin' Oh, oh, the people turned away
Oh, the people turned away Down in the city streets
See all the folk go racin', racin'
No time left, to pass the time of day The people turned away
The people turned away
So far away, so far away See how they run, see how they run
See how they run, see how they run Do you still do the twist
Do you find you remember things that well
I want to tell you
Some go twistin' every day
Though sometimes it's awful hard to tell Out in the country
Hear the people singin'
Singin' 'bout their progress
Knowin' where they're goin' Oh, oh, the people turned away
Yes, the people turned away Sing loud for the sunshine
Pray hard for the rain
And show your love for lady nature
And she will come back again
The people turned away
The people turned away Oh let the sun beat down upon my face, stars to fill my dream
I am a traveler of both time and space, to be where I have been
To sit with elders of the gentle race, this world has seldom seen
They talk of days for which they sit and wait and all will be revealed Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace, whose sounds caress my ear
But not a word I heard could I relate, the story was quite clear
Oh, oh. Oh, I been flying... mama, there ain't no denyin'
I've been flying, ain't no denyin', no denyin' All I see turns to brown, as the sun burns the ground
And my eyes fill with sand, as I scan this wasted land
Trying to find, trying to find where I've been. Oh, pilot of the storm who leaves no trace, like thoughts inside a dream
Heed the path that led me to that place, yellow desert stream
My Shangri-La beneath the summer moon, I will return again
Sure as the dust that floats high in June, when movin' through Kashmir. Oh, father of the four winds, fill my sails, across the sea of years
With no provision but an open face, along the straits of fear
Ohh. When I'm on, when I'm on my way, yeah
When I see, when I see the way, you stay-yeah Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, when I'm down...
Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, well I'm down, so down
Ooh, my baby, oooh, my baby, let me take you there Let me take you there. Let me take you there Sunshine brings laughter,
Rainclouds brings me down.
I know forever after,
I need the light, keep me ground.
Whoa mama, I get so lonely.
In the rain, feel so blue
I want you to remember, I'm your one and only, woman.
Hey baby, hey baby, love you true! Dream boy, on the river.
Oh blue skies, on my mind.
Ah the fields, seemed to glitter.
I know, I know, will bring you down! Ah baby, I've got some thinking.
Whoa mama, strip my mind.
Hey baby, I took a drinking.
I know, I know come around! In the light, in the light, Oh girl, stop your crying.
Oh woman, dry your eyes.
Whoa tomorrow, the sun will be shining.
You won't remember all the tears you cried! Hey baby, I think you wonder.
Hey baby, tears of joy.
Woman, tears of laughter.
Sweet ma, sweet ma, I'm coming home!
's all you got to do yeah! With the light.
Everybody needs the light. The light,
's all you got to do now! Light, light, light, in the light!
Light, light, light, in the light! You said you want to love my baby
But now you changed your mind
You said you're gonna be true babe
Until the end of time
Then you started messin' round with me baby
Tryin' to do lovin' daddy no good
Since you've been bad with my lovin' baby
I don't think I'm gonna move into your neighbourhood. Eh, I don't need no grocery boy
I'm gonna fetch them ev'ry day
I don't want no grocery boy
You gotta keep that boy, keep that boy away. I've been sittin' here thinkin'
About that baby, baby, on my mind.
Well, I've been lovin' you baby
But, oh baby, always treat me unkind. I'll buy you fur coat for christmas
And a diamond ring
No matter how you treat me baby
I can hear my lonely heart sing
Yeah. I been sittin' here thinkin' baby
I've been missin' her, thinkin' about
That baby on my mind.
I've gotta leave you baby
Babe, woman you been, uah-ha-ha, aha-ha-ha,
She's been sittin' here thinkin'
About that baby, on my mind.
Whoa-whoa-whoa. A-ah-ahh-ah, ah-ah-ahh-ah
We come from the land of the ice and snow
from the midnight sun where the hot springs blow The hammer of the gods will drive our ships to new lands
To fight the horde and sing and cry, Valhalla, I am coming On we sweep with, with threshing oar
Our only goal will be the western shore Ah-ah-ahh-ah, ah-ah-ahh-ah
We come from the land of the ice and snow
from the midnight sun where the hot springs FLOW
How soft your fields, so green
can whisper tales of gore, of how we calmed the tides of war
We are your overlords On we sweep with, with threshing oar
Our only goal will be the western shore S-so now you better stop and rebuild all your ruins
for peace and trust can winthe day despite of all you're losin'
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Ahh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Oh, yeah! A-Darlene
Woo-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, Darlene
Woo-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, Darlene
Woo-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! Darlene
Oh-oh, Darlene
Oh-oh-oh, Darlene
Ooh-ooh-ooh
C'mon, baby, give a me, me some. When I see you at that dance
With your tight dress on
What you got, it sure is fine
I wanna get me some. Darlene
Ooh, baby, baby, Darlene
Ah, be my baby, Darlene
Oh, come on, baby
Come on, come on, come on, my babe. Darlene
Ooh, ooh, Darlene
Hey, hey, Darlene
Oh, oh,
Come back 'n' be my, mmm, sweet little girl. When I see you on the street
It makes my heart go flitter
I see you walkin' with all those guys
It makes me feel so sick. Now I don't care what people say
And I don't care what they do
Sweet child, I gotta make you mine
You're the only thing that I want: you, yeah. And, baby, baby, when you walk down the block
See the people fight
Whoa, child, y'know ya drive me wild
I gotta do it with you, come on try. Ooh, baby, I got my car
I'll take you where it's fine
I'm gonna take you every place
D'ya wanna boogie-woogie-woogie-woogie-woogie that's fine? I'm gonna boogie, Darlene
I'm gonna make ya, my girl
I'm gonna boogie, ah, Darlene
I'm gonna send you in another world. 'Cause I love, ah, Darlene
And I love you, yes, I do
I've been savin' all my money
I've been workin' all day long
I gotta give it all back to you. Oh, but I love you, Darlene
Yes, I love you, yes, I do
I've been workin', it's true
I've been workin' every day
I've been tryin' a-get it home to you. And I love you, Darlene
Yes, I love you, I do
I got a pink carnation and a pickup truck
A-savin' it all for you. Oh, I love you! Go! Go, go, go, go, go! Oh... 