And now you want me to breathe
And be so grateful
Ahhhhh, for the air that I need (haha)
Don't make me pitiful And in the morning light
We're just the same you and me
Out on the go, send officials
Our propensity to breed The higher, the farther, the faster you fly
You may be rich, but you can't deny me
Got nothing, got nothing but the will to survive
You can't control, and you can't deny me Your lies are sick
They're sick and they're vile
You can't deny me Try and talk down to me
My mind it ain't so simple
Where's your vocabulary
Your ignorance is sinful You plant your lying seeds
Watch as the roots take hold
The country you are now poisoning
Condition critical The higher, the farther, the faster you fly
I know it's true, and you can't deny me
Got nothing, got nothing, you got nothing to hide
Little bullshit whore, and you can't deny me The higher, the farther, the faster you fly
It's all so sick, and you can't deny me You can't deny me
You can't deny me
You don't defy me
You can't deny me The higher, the farther, the faster you fly
You know you're sick, and you can't deny me
Got nothing, just nothing, got something to hide
We see right through you, and you can't deny me Darkness, darkness, darkness and light
You can't deny me Yes, I understand that every life must end, uh-huh
As we sit alone, I know someday we must go, uh-huh
Oh I'm a lucky man, to count on both hands the ones I love
Some folks just have one, yeah, others, they've got none, uh-huh Stay with me...
Let's just breathe... Practiced are my sins, never gonna let me win, uh-huh
Under everything, just another human being, uh-huh
I don't wanna hurt, there's so much in this world to make me bleed Stay with me
You're all I see... Did I say that I need you?
Did I say that I want you?
Oh, if I didn't I'm a fool you see
No one knows this more than me As I come clean...
I wonder everyday, as I look upon your face, uh-huh
Everything you gave
And nothing you would take, oh no Nothing you would take
Everything you gave... Did I say that I need you?
Oh, did I say that I want you?
Oh, if I didn't I'm a fool you see
No one knows this more than me
And I come clean, ah... Nothing you would take
Everything you gave
Hold me 'til I die
Meet you on the other side... Sheets of empty canvas, untouched sheets of clay
Were laid spread out before me, as her body once did
All all five horizons, revolved around her soul...
As the Earth to the Sun
Now, the air I tasted and breathed has taken a turn Ooh, and all I taught her was... everything
Ooh, I know she gave me all... that she wore
And now my bitter hands, chafe beneath the clouds of what was everything
All the pictures have all been washed in black
Tattooed everything I take a walk outside
I'm surrounded by some kids at play
I can feel their laughter, so why do I sear? Mmm, and twisted thoughts that spin around my head
I'm spinning, oh, I'm spinning
How quick the Sun can drop away
And now my bitter hands cradle broken glass... of what was everything
All the pictures have, all been washed in black
Tattooed everything All the love gone bad, turned my world to black
Tattooed all I see, all that I am, all that I'll be, yeah I know that someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a star
In somebody else's sky...
But why, why, why can't it be... can't it be mine?
Ah, yeah Oh where oh where, can my baby be?
The Lord took her away from me.
She's gone to heaven, so I've got to be good.
So I can see my baby when I leave this world. We were out on a date in my daddy's car.
We hadn't driven very far.
There in the road, straight ahead.
A car was stalled, the engine was dead. I couldn't stop, so I swerved to the right.
I'll never forget the sound that night.
The screaming tires, the busting glass.
The painful scream that I heard last. Oh where, oh where, can my baby be?
The Lord took her away from me.
She's gone to heaven, so I've got to be good.
So I can see my baby when I leave this world. When I woke up the rain was pouring down.
There were people standing all around.
Something warm pooling through my eyes.
But somehow I found my baby that night.
I lifted her head, she looked at me and said.
"Hold me darling, just a little while."
I held her close, I kissed her our last kiss.
I found the love that I knew I would miss. Well now she's gone, even though I hold her tight.
I lost my love, my life, that night. Oh where, oh where, can my baby be?
The Lord took her away from me.
She's gone to heaven, so I've got to be good.
So I can see my baby when I leave this world. Oh where, oh where, can my baby be?
The Lord took her away from me.
She's gone to heaven, so I've got to be good.
So I can see my baby when I leave this world. Unsealed, on a porch a letter sat
Then you said, "I wanna leave it again"
Once I saw her on a beach of weathered sand
And on the sand I wanna leave her again On a weekend I wanna wish it all away, yeah
And they called and I said that I'll go
And I said that I'll call out again
And the reason I ought ta leave her calm, I know
I said, "I don't know whether I'm the boxer or the bag" Oh yeah, can you see them, out on the porch?
Yeah, but they don't wave
I see them 'round the front way, yeah
And I know, and I know I don't wanna stay Make me cry I see oh, I don't know why there's something else
I want to, wanna drum it all away
I said, "I don't, I don't know whether I was the boxer or the bag" Oh yeah, can you see them, out the on porch?
Yeah, but they don't wave
I see them 'round the front way
And I know, and I know I don't want to stay at all
I don't want to stay
I don't want to stay
I don't want to stay
I don't, I don't want to stay At home, drawing pictures of mountain tops
With him on top
Lemon yellow sun, arms raised in a V
And the dead lay in pools of maroon below Daddy didn't give attention
Oh, to the fact that mommy didn't care
King Jeremy the wicked
Oh, ruled his world Jeremy spoke in class today
Jeremy spoke in class today Clearly I remember pickin' on the boy
Seemed a harmless little fuck
Ooo, but we unleashed a lion
Gnashed his teeth and bit the recess lady's breast How could I forget?
And he hit me with a surprise left
My jaw left hurtin', ooo, dropped wide open
Just like the day, oh, like the day I heard Daddy didn't give affection, no
And the boy was something that mommy wouldn't wear
King Jeremy the wicked
Oh, ruled his world Jeremy spoke in class today
Jeremy spoke in class today
Jeremy spoke in class today Try to forget this
Try to erase this, from the blackboard
Jeremy spoke in class today
Jeremy spoke in class today
Jeremy spoke in, spoke in
Jeremy spoke in, spoke in
Jeremy spoke in class today Freezin', rests his head on a pillow made of concrete again
Oh, feelin' maybe he'll see a little better set a days, oh yeah
Oh, hand out faces that he sees time again ain't that familiar, ah
Oh, dark grin he can't help when he's happy he looks insane, hey Evenflow, thoughts arrive like butterflies
Oh, he don't know, so he chases them away, oh
Oh, someday yeah, he'll begin his life again
Life again, life again Kneelin', lookin' through the paper though he doesn't know to read, oh yeah
Oh, prayin' now to something that has never showed him anything
Oh, feelin' understands the weather of the winters on its way, yeah
Oh, ceilings few and far between all the legal halls of shame, hey Evenflow, thoughts arrive like butterflies
Oh, he don't know, so he chases them away
Ah, someday, yeah, he'll begin his life again, yeah
Oh, whisperin' hands gently lead him away
Him away, him away Evenflow, thoughts arrive like butterflies, yeah Oh, he don't know, so he chases them away, yeah
Ah someday yeah, he'll begin his life again,
yeah
Oh, whisperin' hands gently lead him away
Him away, him away
Yeah Oh where, oh where, can my baby be?.
The Lord took her away from me
She's gone to heaven, so I've got to be good
So I can see my baby when I leave this world We were out on a date in my daddy's car
We hadn't driven very far
There in the road, straight ahead
A car was stalled, the engine was dead I couldn't stop, so I swerved to the right
I'll never forget the sound that night
The screamin' tires, the bustin' glass
The painful scream that I heard last Oh where, oh where, can my baby be?
The Lord took her away from me
She's gone to heaven, so I've got to be good
So I can see my baby when I leave this world When I woke up the rain was pourin' down
There were people standin' all around
Something warm flowing through my eyes
But somehow I found my baby that night I lifted her head, she looked at me and said
"Hold me darling, just a little while"
I held her close, I kissed her our last kiss
I found the love that I knew I had missed Well now she's gone even though I hold her tight
I lost my love, my life, that night
Oh where, oh where, can my baby be?
The Lord took her away from me
She's gone to heaven, so I've got to be good
So I can see my baby when I leave this world Son, she said, have I got a little story for you
What you thought was your daddy was nothin' but a
While you were sittin' home alone at age thirteen
Your real daddy was dyin'
Sorry you didn't see him
But I'm glad we talked
Oh, I, oh, I'm still alive
Hey, I, oh, I'm still alive Hey, I, oh, I'm still alive
Hey, oh
Oh, she walks slowly, across a young man's room
She said I'm ready for you I can't remember anything to this very day
'Cept the look, the look
Oh, you know where
Now, I can't see, I just stare I, I'm still alive
Hey, I, but, I'm still alive
Hey, I, boy, I'm still alive
Hey, I, I, I'm still alive, yeah
Ooh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh
Is something wrong? she said Well, of course, there is
You're still alive, she said
Oh, and do I deserve to be?
Is that the question? And if so, if so, who answers? who answers?
I, oh, I'm still alive
Hey, I, oh, I'm still alive
Hey, I, but, I'm still alive Yeah, I, oh, I'm still alive
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh-huh
Yeah, uh-huh
Uh-huh
Yeah, uh-huh
Yeah, yeah, yeah Alone, listless
Breakfast table in an otherwise empty room
Young girl, violins
Center of her own attention
The mother reads aloud
child tries to understand it
tries to make her proud
The shades go down
it's in her head, painted room.
can't deny there's something wrong Don't call me daughter, not fit to
the picture kept will remind me
Don't call me daughter, not fit to
the picture kept will remind me
Don't call me... She holds the hand that holds her down
She will rise above... Don't call me daughter, not fit to
the picture kept will remind me
Don't call me daughter, not fit to me
the picture kept will remind me
Don't call me daughter, not fit to
the picture kept will remind me
Don't call me daughter, not fit to me
the picture kept will remind me
Don't call me... The shades go down
The shades go down
The shades go...
Go...
Go... Waitin', watchin' the clock
It's four o'clock, it's got to stop
Tell him, take no more... she practices her speech
As he opens the door, she rolls over Pretends to sleep as he looks her over
She lies and says she's in love with him, can't find a better man
She dreams in color, she dreams in red, can't find a better man
Can't find a better man, can't find a better man Oh Talkin' to herself, there's no one else who needs to know She tells herself, oh
Memories back when she was bold and strong, and waiting for the world to come along
Swears she knew it, now she swears he's gone
She lies and says she's in love with him, can't find a better man
She dreams in color, she dreams in red, can't find a better man
She lies and says she still loves him, can't find a better man
She dreams in color, she dreams in red, can't find a better man
Can't find a better man, can't find a better man
Yeah
She loved him, yeah, she don't want to leave this way
She feeds him, yeah, that's why she'll be back again Can't find a better man, can't find a better man, can't find a better man, can't find a better man I seem to recognize your face
Haunting, familiar yet, I can't seem to place it
Cannot find the candle of thought to light your name
Lifetimes are catching up with me
All these changes taking place
I wish I'd seen the place
But no one's ever taken me
Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away
I swear, I recognize your breath
Memories like fingerprints are slowly raising
Me, you wouldn't recall for I'm not my former
It's hard when you're stuck upon the shelf
I changed by not changing at all
Small town predicts my fate
Perhaps that's what no one wants to see
I just want to scream hello My God it's been so long Never dreamed you'd return
But now here you are and here I am
Hearts and thoughts they fade away
Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away
Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away
Hearts and thoughts they fade away
Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away
Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away
Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away
Hearts and thoughts they fade... Hear the sirens
Hear the sirens
Hear the sirens Hear the circus so profound
I hear the sirens
More and more in this here town Let me catch my breath to breathe
And reach across the bed
Just to know we're safe
I am a grateful man
The slightest bit of light
And I can see you clear
Have to take your hand
And feel your breath
For fear this someday will be over
I pull you close, so much to lose
Knowing that nothing lasts forever
I didn't care, before you were here
I danced in laughter with the ever after
But all things change
Let this remain Hear the sirens Covering distance in the night
The sound echoing closer
Will they come for me next time? For every choice mistake I've made
It's not my plan
Or to send you in the arms of
Another man
And if you choose to stay I'll wait
I'll understand
It's a fragile thing
This life we lead
If I think too much I can get
Over
Whelmed by the grace
By which we live our lives
With death over our shoulders
Want you to know
That should I go I always loved you
Held you high above, true
I study your face
And the fear goes away It's a fragile thing
This life we lead
If I think too much I can get over
Whelmed by the grace
By which we live our lives
With death over our shoulder
Want you to know
That should I go I always loved you
Held you high above, true
I study your face
And the fear goes away
The fear goes away
The fear goes away
Aah ah, oh oh
Aah ah, oh oh If I keep holding out will the light shine through?
Under this broken roof, it's only rain that I feel
I've been wishing out the days. come back I have been planning out all that I'd say to you
Since you slipped away. Know that I still remain true
I've been wishing out the days. Please say, that if you hadn't of gone now
I wouldn't have lost you another way
From wherever you are. come back And these days, they linger on
And in the night I've been waiting for
The real possibility I may meet you in my dream
I go to sleep If I don't fall apart will my memories stay clear
So you had to go and I had to remain here But the strangest thing to date
So far away
And yet you feel so close
And I'm not gonna question it any other way There must be an open door
For you to come back And the days, they linger on
And every night, what I'm waiting for
Is the real possibility I may meet you in my dreams And sometimes you're here and you're talking back to me
Come the morning I could swear you're next to me
And it's okay.
It's okay
It's okay
I'll be here
Come back
Come back
I'll be here
Come back
Come back
I'll be here
Come back
Come back i got a car, i got some gas
Oh let's get out of here
Get out of here fast
Ooh everyone's confused
So i stay in my room
If i go, i don't want
To go alone I hope you get this message
Oh you're not home
I could be there in
Ten minutes or so
Ooh i got my things
We'll make it up as we go along
Oh with you i could
Never be alone
Never be alone I see the world, feel the chill
Which way to go, windowsill
I see the world's on a rocking horse of time
I see the birds in the rain Oh, dear dad, can you see me now
I am myself, like you somehow
I'll ride the wave where it takes me
I'll hold the pain release me Oh, dear dad, can you see this now
I am myself, like you somehow
I'll wait up in the dark for you to speak to me
I'll open up release me, release me, release me, release me I wish I was a neutron bomb
For once I could go off
I wish I was a sacrifice
But somehow still lived on I wish I was a sentimental
Ornament you hung on
The Christmas tree, I wish I was
The star that went on top I wish I was the evidence
I wish I was the grounds
For fifty million hands up raised
And opened toward the sky I wish I was a sailor with
Someone who waited for me
I wish I was as fortunate
As fortunate as me I wish I was a messenger
And all the news was good
I wish I was the full moon shining
Off a Camaro's hood I wish I was an alien
At home behind the sun
I wish I was the souvenir
You kept your house key on I wish I was the pedal break
That you depended on
I wish I was the verb to trust
And never let you down I wish I was the radio song
The one that you turned up
I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish
I guess it never stops What the fuck is this world?
Running to, you didn't
Leave a message, at least I
Could have heard your voice one last time
Daily minefield, this could
Be my time by you
Would you hit me?
Would you hit me? Oh
Oh, ow All the bills go by, and
Initiatives are taken up
By the middle
There ain't gonna be any middle any more
And the cross I'm bearing home
Ain't indicative of my place
Left the porch
Left the porch, oh, oh Hear my name
Take a good look
This could be the day
Hold my hand
Walk beside me
I just need to say Hear my name
Take a good look
This could be the day
Hold my hand
Lie beside me
I just need to say
I could not take
Uh, just one day
I know that I would not ever touch you,
Hold you, feel you in my arms ever again
Hey
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah The waiting drove me mad
You're finally here and I'm a mess
I take your entrance back
Can't let you roam inside my head
I don't want to take what you can give
I would rather starve than eat your bread
I would rather run but I can't walk
Guess I'll lie alone just like before I'll take the varmint's path
Oh, and I must refuse your test
Push me and I will resist
This behavior's not unique I don't want to hear from those who know
They can buy, but can't put on my clothes
I don't want to limp for them to walk
Never would have known of me before
I don't want to be held in your debt
I'll pay it off in blood, let I be wed
I'm already cut up and half-dead
I'll end up alone like I began Everything has chains
Absolutely nothing's changed
Take my hand, not my picture, spilled my tincture... I don't want to take what you can give
I would rather starve than eat your breast
All the things that others want for me
Can't buy what I want because it's free
Can't buy what I want because it's free
Can't be what you want because I'm... Ain't supposed to be just one
Oh, to live and die, let it be done
I figure I'll be damned, all alone like I began
It's your move now
I thought you were a friend
But I guess I... I guess I hate you... And now you want me to breathe
And be so grateful
Ahhhhh, for the air that I need (haha)
Don't make me pitiful And in the morning light
We're just the same you and me
Out on the go, send officials
Our propensity to breed The higher, the farther, the faster you fly
You may be rich, but you can't deny me
Got nothing, got nothing but the will to survive
You can't control, and you can't deny me Your lies are sick
They're sick and they're vile
You can't deny me Try and talk down to me
My mind it ain't so simple
Where's your vocabulary
Your ignorance is sinful You plant your lying seeds
Watch as the roots take hold
The country you are now poisoning
Condition critical The higher, the farther, the faster you fly
I know it's true, and you can't deny me
Got nothing, got nothing, you got nothing to hide
Little bullshit whore, and you can't deny me The higher, the farther, the faster you fly
It's all so sick, and you can't deny me You can't deny me
You can't deny me
You don't defy me
You can't deny me The higher, the farther, the faster you fly
You know you're sick, and you can't deny me
Got nothing, just nothing, got something to hide
We see right through you, and you can't deny me Darkness, darkness, darkness and light
You can't deny me If I ever were to lose you
I'd surely lose myself
Everything I have found, dear
I've not found by myself Try and sometimes you'll succeed
To make this man of me
All my stolen missing parts
I've no need for anymore I believe
And I believe 'cause I can see
Our future days
Days of you and me Back when I was feeling broken
I focused on a prayer
You came deep as any ocean
Did something out there hear? All the complexities and games
No one wins but somehow they're still played
All the missing crooked hearts
They may die but in us they live on I believe
And I believe 'cause I can see
Our future days
Days of you and me When hurricanes and cyclones raged
When wind turned dirt to dust
When floods they came or tides they raised
Ever closer became us All the promises at sundown
I've meant them like the rest
All the demons used to come 'round
I'm grateful now they've left So persistent in my ways
Hey angel, I am here to stay
No resistance, no alarms
Please, this is just too good to be gone I believe
And I believe 'cause I can see
Our future days
Days of you and me You and me
Days
You and me He could've tuned in, tuned in... but he tuned out
A bad time, nothing could save him
Alone in a corridor waiting, locked out
He got up outta there, ran for hundreds of miles
He made it to the ocean, had a smoke in a tree
The wind rose up, set him down on his knee
A wave came crashing like a fist to the jaw
Delivered him wings...
Hey, look at him now! Arms wide open with the sea as his floor
Oh, power, oh He's flying whole
High, wide, oh
He floated back down 'cause he wanted to share...
His key to the locks on the chains he saw everywhere
But first he was stripped, and then he was stabbed...
By faceless men, well, fuckers, he still stands
And he still gives his love, he just gives it away
The love he receives is the love that is saved And sometimes is seen a strange spot in the sky
A human being that was given to fly
High... flying, oh
High... flying, oh
He's... flying, oh
Oh, oh I admit it...
What's to say...
I'll relive it...
Without pain... Backstreet lover on the side of the road
I got a bomb in my temple that is gonna explode
I got a sixteen gauge buried under my clothes, I pray Once upon a time
I could control myself
Ooh, once upon a time
I could lose myself, yeah... Oh, try and mimic
What's insane...
I am in it...
Where do I stand? Indian summer and I hate the heat
I got a backstreet lover on the passenger seat
I got my hand in my pocket, so determined, discreet
I pray... Once upon a time
I could control myself
Ooh, once upon a time
I could lose myself, yeah, yeah... You think I got my eyes closed
But I'm looking at you the whole fucking time... Ooh, once upon a time
I could control myself, yeah...
Once upon a time
I could lose myself, yeah, yeah, yeah...
Once, upon a time
I could love myself, yeah...
Once upon a time
I could love you, yeah, yeah, yeah...
Once
Once
Once
Once
Yeah... once, once... yeah, yeah...
Yeah... yeah, yeah... yeah, yeah... oww... State of love and trust as I
Busted down the pretext
Sin still plays and preaches,
But to have an empty court, uh huh
And the signs are passin',
Grip the wheel, can't read it
Sacrifice receiving
The smell that's on my hands, hands, yeah! And I listen
For the voice inside my head
Nothin', I'll do this one myself Lay her down as priest does,
Should the Lord be accountin'
Will be in my honor,
Make it pain, painfully quick, uh huh
Promises are whispered
In the age of darkness
Want to be enlightened
Like I want to be told the end, end, yeah! And the barrel shakes aimed
A directly at my head
Oh, help me, help me from myself
And I listen
From both sides of a friend
Nothin', I'll do this one myself
Myself, myself! Yeah, yeah!
(Solo: Guitar) Hey, na na na na!
Hey that's something!
Wanna back, back it away, yeah! And I listen, oh!
For the voice inside my head
Nothin', I'll do this one myself
Oh, ah, and the barrel waits,
Trigger shakes
Aimed right at my head,
Don't won't you help me?
Help me from myself! State of love and trust, and a State of love and... yeah, yeah! I know about a man to whom I may be related, he's leatherman.
Died a long time ago in the 1880's... leatherman, leatherman.
Covered with leather, but it wasn't tight.
Underneath the moon in the woods at night... Makin' the rounds ten miles a day,
Once a month they'd spot him, here's what they'd say...
"Here he comes, he's a man of the land.
He's leatherman. Smile on his face, an axe in his pack.
He's leatherman." Comes out of the caves once a day to be fed.
Wasn't known to say but "Thanks for the bread." So modern day I walk my way, my jacket faded,
Just like a man of leather whom I may be related. Rolled a cigarette, but when he asked for a light,
I thought he'd be an animal, but so polite. Makin' the rounds ten miles a day.
Once a month they'd spot him and here's what they'd say...
"Here he comes, he's a man of the land, he's leatherman.
Smile on his face, an axe in his hand.
He's leatherman." Shake his hand he's leatherman.
Bake some bread he's leatherman.
Shame he's dead. I saw his bed,
It's all that's left of leatherman. Give me some skin, leatherman. I took a drive today
Time to emancipate
I guess it was the beatings, made me wise
But I'm not about to give thanks or apologize I couldn't breathe, holdin' me down
Hand on my face, pushed to the ground
Enmity gaged, united by fear
Forced to endure what I could not forgive I seem to look away
Wounds in the mirror waved
It wasn't my surface
Most defiled Head at your feet, fool to your crown
Fist on my plate, swallowed it down
Enmity gaged, united by fear
Tried to endure what I could not forgive Saw things, saw things
Saw things, saw things
Clearer, clearer
Once you, were in my rear view mirror I gather speed from you fucking with me
Once and for all, I'm far away
I hardly believe, finally the shades
Are raised, hey Saw things so much clearer
Once you, once you
(Rear view mirror)
Saw things so much clearer
Once you, once you
(Rear view mirror)
Saw things so much clearer
Once you, once you
(Rear view mirror)
Saw things so much clearer
Once you
Oh yeah Well I don't mind stealing bread
From the mouths of decadents
But I can't feed on the powerless
When my cup's already overfilled Yeah
But it's on the table
The fire's cooking
And they're farming babies
The slaves are all working Blood is on the table
The mouths are all choking
But I'm goin' hungry
Yeah I don't mind stealing bread
From the mouths of decadents
But I can't feed on the powerless
When my cup's already overfilled But it's on the table
The fire is cooking
And they're farming babies
The slaves are all working And it's on the table
Their mouths are all choking
But I'm going hungry (Going hungry)
I'm going hungry (Going hungry)
I'm going hungry (Going hungry) Once divided, nothing left to subtract
Some words when spoken, can't be taken back
Walks on his own, with thoughts he can't help thinking
Future's above, but in the past he's slow and sinking
Caught a bolt a lightnin'... cursed the day he let it go Nothingman, Nothingman
Isn't it something, Nothingman
She once believed... in every story he had to tell One day she stiffened, took the other side
Empty stares... from each corner of a shared prison cell
One just escapes... one's left inside the well
And he who forgets, will be destined to remember
Nothingman, Nothingman Isn't it something, Nothingman
Oh, she don't want him
Oh, she won't feed him...
After he's flown away Oh, into the sun, yeah, into the sun
Burn, burn
Nothingman, Nothingman
Isn't it something, Nothingman Nothingman, Nothingman
Coulda' been something, Nothingman One... Two... One... Two Know a man
His face seemed pulled and tense
Like he's riding on a motorbike
So I approach with tact
Suggest that he should relax
But he's always moving much too fast On this trip he's taken for a ride
He's been takin' too much on
There he goes with his perfectly unkept clothes
There he goes He's yet to come back
But I've seen his picture
We go way back
I wonder 'bout his insides
It's like his thoughts are too big for his size
He's been taken... where, I don't know
Off he goes with his perfectly unkept hope
There he goes And now I rub my eyes, for he has returned
It seems my preconceptions are what should have been burned
For he still smiles...
And he's still strong That has grown
And now he's home and we're laughin'
Like we always did, my same old, same old friend
Until a quarter to ten
He seems distracted and I know just what is going to happen next
Before his first step,
He's off again Oh tonight began with anything
Shaft of a light, a warm breath and a scream, ah yeah...
Oh, tamper if you like between the doors, oh yeah... huh... huh...
Oh, can't expect to go out... to go out...
With anything... anything more... Oh reach the door... a breath and a...
Oh reach the door
And a la la la la yeah
Life ain't what it's worth... a breath and a...
Oh reach the door All these reaching hands out grabbin' things, grabbin' me
Day in, day out, accumulating, ah yeah
Oh, I suggest you step out on your porch
Oh yeah, huh, huh, huh, huh, yeah...
Run away my son, to see it all... oh, see the world Oh reach the door... a breath and a...
Oh reach the door
And a la la la la yeah
Life ain't what it's worth... a breath and a...
Oh reach the door Come... here it comes...
There it goes... when it comes
Where it goes... where it comes...
Can't see through the faith... whoa
Ooh, come... here it comes...
There it goes, grasp what you can
Don't you know there's something inside your head, yeah... Oh, if I knew where it was I would take you there
There's much more than this, ooh...
Much more than this
Oh, see the world... much more than, oh...
Much more than... Why? Hold on to the thread
The currents will shift
Glide me towards
You know something's left
And we're all allowed
To dream of the next
Oh, oh the next, time we touch Uh huh, uh huh
Uh huh, uh huh You don't have to stray
Tho oceans away
Waves roll in my thoughts
Hold tight the ring
The sea will rise
Please stand by the shore
Oh, oh, oh, I will be
I will be there once more Uh huh, uh huh
Uh huh, uh huh
Uh huh, uh huh
Uh huh, uh huh
Uh huh, uh huh I shut and locked the front door
No way in or out
I turned and walked the hallway
And pulled the curtains down
I knelt and emptied the mouth of every plug around
But nothing's sound, nothing's sound I stayed where my last cap left me
Ignored all my rounds
Soon I was seeing visions and cracks along the walls
They're upside down I swallow my words to keep from lying
I swallow my face just to keep from biting, I, I.
I swallowed my breath and went deep, I was diving, diving
I surfaced and all of my being was enlightened Now... I'm in hiding, yeah
I'm in hiding, yeah
I'm in hiding, yeah
I'm in hiding It's been about three days now
Since I've been aground
No longer overwhelmed and it seems so simple now
It's funny when things change so much
It's all state of mind I swallowed my words to keep from lying
I swallowed my face just to keep from biting, I, I
I swallowed my breath and went deep, I was diving, I was diving
I surfaced and all of my being was enlightened Now I'm in hiding, yeah
I'm in hiding, yeah
I'm in hiding, yeah
Now I'm in hiding, yeah
I'm in hiding, yeah
I'm in hiding, yeah
I'm in hiding, yeah
I'm in hiding... She don't wander in
Don't wander in here, she
She don't wander in here
Don't wander in here The direction of the eye, so misleading
The defection of the soul, nauseously quick
I don't question our existence
I just question our modern needs She don't wander in
Don't wander in here, she
She don't wander in here I will walk with my hands bound
I will walk with my face blood
I will walk with my shadow flag
Into your garden, garden of stone, yeah After all is done and we're still alone
I won't be taken Yet I'll go with my hands bound
I will walk with my face blood
I will walk with my shadow flag
Into your garden, garden of stone I don't show, I don't share
I don't need, yeah
What you have to give, yeah Ooo, I will walk with my hands bound
I will walk with my face blood
I will walk with my shadow flag
Into your garden, garden oh
I will walk with my hands bound
I will walk into your garden, garden of stone
I don't know, I don't care
I don't need you for me to live Ah, is there room for both of us? Both of us apart?
Are we bound out of obligation? Is that all we've got? I get the words and then I get to thinking
I don't wanna think, I wanna feel
How do I feel? How do I? If you're the only one, will I never be enough, yeah
Hail, hail the lucky ones
I refer to those in love, yeah Oh, how I'd love you till the day I die... and beyond
Are we going to the same place? If so, can I come?
It's egg rolling, thick and heavy
All the past we carry
Oh, I could be new
You under-estimate me If you're the only one, will I never be enough, yeah
Hail, hail the lucky ones
I refer to those in love, yeah I sometimes realize I could only be as good as you'll let me
Are you woman enough to be my man?
Bandaged hand in hand Black lining
On the run in a race that can't be won, yeah Oh, hail, hail the lucky ones
I refer to those in love, yeah If you're my only one
So good, you, only one
I want to be your one
Enough, you won, your one, your one Out of my mind... out of my mind...
All of the time... Wish you could help me mister...
Wish you could lift me up...
Wish you could pack my parachute mister...
Wish you could pull me up. The winds have change, I'm stuck beneath the rain...
I wish you could help me up...
Out of my mind... out of my mind...
Once inside, I'm out of my mind...
Out of my mind... out of my mind...
Once inside, I'm out of my mind... Wish you could help me, give me a pill...
Just a little drink that I could swill.
A little something, anything, anything, I'll try all... I ain't got nowhere to go from here.
I'm just about this far
From drowning in my very own tears.
Out of my mind... out of my mind...
Once inside, I'm out of my mind...
Out of my mind... out of my mind... I don't feel so high...
out of my mind... Where do I go? Where do I stay?
I got no place to lay in the hay.
Where do I go to soothe my head?
Guess I'll turn on music instead.
Where do I see? Where do I shine?
No one wants to take my mind.
Where do I go? How do I feel?
Guess I'll waste away in here... Out of my mind... out of my mind...
Out of my mind every single time... My lips are shakin'
My nails are bit off
It's been a month since I've heard myself talk
Only advantage this life's got on me
Picture a cup in the middle of the sea And I fought back in my mind
Never lets me be right...
I got memories, I got shit
So much it don't show... Oh, I walked the line...
When you held me in at night
Oh, I walked the line...
When you held my hand and i... On empty shells seem so easy to crack
Got all these questions
Don't know who I could even ask
So I'll just lie down and wait for the dream
Where I'm not ugly and you're lookin' at me And I'll stay in bed...
Oh, little I've seen there
If just once I could be loved...
Oh, I'd stare back at me Oh, I walked the line...
When you held me in at night
Oh, I walked the line...
When you held my hand and i
Oh, I walked the line...
When you held me close at night
Oh, I paid the price...
Never held you in your eyes Tidal waves don't beg forgiveness
Crashed and on their way
Father he enjoyed collisions; others walked away
A snowflake falls in may.
And the doors are open now as the bells are ringing out
Cause the man of the hour is taking his final bow
Goodbye for now. Nature has its own religion; gospel from the land
Father ruled by long division, young men they pretend
Old men comprehend. And the sky breaks at dawn; shedding light upon this town
They'll all come 'round
Cause the man of the hour is taking his final bow
G'bye for now. And the road
The old man paved
The broken seams along the way
The rusted signs, left just for me
He was guiding me, love, his own way
Now the man of the hour is taking his final bow
As the curtain comes down
I feel that this is just g'bye for now. I'm questioning my education
Is my education all i am now?
While you're deciding i've been finding
Looking around in the here and now If I'd been taught from the beginning
Would my fears now be winning? I'm questioning my own equation
Is my own equation relevant somehow
The flags will wave and the news is breaking
See the man who came, forgot his own tie If I'd been taught from the beginning
Would my fears now be winning?
A wild world, figured out the answers
I'll be in my own, dancing out, ou-out yeaaah I'm questioning my education
Rewinding, what does it show?
Could be, the truth, it becomes you
I'm a seed wondering why i'm grown. The selfish, they're all standing in line
Faithing and hoping to buy themselves time
Me, I figure as each breath goes by I only own my mind
...
The north is to south what the clock is to time There's east and there's west and there's everywhere life
I know I was born and I know that I'll die
The in-between is mine I am mine
...
And the feeling, it gets left behind All the innocence lost at one time
Significant behind the eyes
There's no need to hide We're safe tonight
...
The ocean is full 'cause everyone's crying The full moon is looking for friends at high tide
The sorrow grows bigger when the sorrow's denied
I only know my mind I am mine
... And the meaning, it gets left behind
All the innocence lost at one time
...
Significant behind the eyes There's no need to hide
We're safe tonight, whoa
...
And the feelings that get left behind
All the innocence broken with lies
Significance between the lines
We may need to hide
And the meanings that get left behind
All the innocence lost at one time
We're all different behind the eyes
There's no need to hide
... Restless soul, enjoy your youth
Like Muhammad hits the truth
Can't escape from the common rule
If you hate something, don't you do it, too Small my table, sits just two
Got so crowded, I can't make room
Oh, where did they come from?... Stormed my room!
And you dare say it belongs to you... to you This is not for you
This is not for you
This is not for you
Oh, not for you... ah, you Scream... my friends... don't call me
Friends, no, they don't scream
My friends don't call... my friends don't... All that's sacred comes from youth
Dedication, naive and true
With no power, nothing to do
I still remember, why don't you?
Don't you This is not for you
This is not for you
This is not for you
Oh, never was for you, fuck you
This is not for you
Oh, this is not for you... yeah, you
This is not for you
Oh, not for you
Oh, you And I wished for so long... cannot stay.
All the precious moments... cannot stay.
It's not like wings have fallen... cannot stay.
But still something's missing... cannot say. Holding hands of daughters and sons,
And their faiths are falling down, down, down, down...
I have wished for so long...
How I wish for you today. Will I walk the long road? Cannot stay...
There's no need to say goodbye...(say goodbye) All the friends and family.
All the memories going round, round, round, round...
I have wished for so long.
How I wish for you today. And the wind keeps rollin',
And the sky keeps turning gray.
And the sun is set...
The sun will rise another day. I have wished for so long...
How I wish for you today.
I have wished for so long...
How I wish for you today. Will I walk the long road?
We all walk the long road... I'm ahead, I'm a man... I'm the first mammal to wear pants, yeah
I'm at peace with my lust... I can kill 'cause in God I trust, yeah
It's evolution, baby
I'm at peace, I'm the man
Buying stocks on the day of the crash, yeah
On the loose, I'm a truck... all the rolling hills, I'll flatten 'em out, yeah
It's herd behavior, uh huh
It's evolution, baby
Admire me, admire my home, admire my son, he's my clone
Yeah, yeah... yeah, yeah
This land is mine, this land is free, I'll do what I want but irresponsibly
It's evolution, baby! I'm a thief, I'm a liar
(hallelujah, hallelujah) Admire me, admire my home, admire my son, admire my clones
'Cause we know, appetite for a nightly feast
Those ignorant Indians got nothin' on me
Nothin', why?
Because... it's evolution, baby! I am ahead, I am advanced, I am the first mammal to make plans, yeah
I crawled the earth, but now I'm higher
2010, watch it go to fire
It's evolution, baby
It's evolution, baby
Do the evolution
Come on... come on, come on glorified g Got a gun, fact I got two
That's O.K. man, cuz I love god
Glorified version of a pellet gun
Feels so manly, when armed
Glorified version of a pellet gun (4x) Double think, dumb is strength
Never shot at a living thing
Glorified version of a pellet gun
Feels so manly, when armed
Glorified version of a pellet gun (3x)
Glorified version of a... Always keep it loaded (3x) Kindred to be an American... Life comes... I can feel your heart...
Ooh... life comes... I can feel your heart through your neck...
Life comes... I can feel your heart through your neck...
Like some... I can steal your heart form your neck... Glorified... glorified... You ever hear the story of Mr. Faded Glory?
Say he who rides a pony must someday fall
I've been talkin' to my alter, says "Life is what you make it
And if you make it death well rest your soul away, away, away" It's a broken kind of feeling, she'd have to tie me to the ceiling
A bad moon's comin', better say your prayers
I wanna tell her that I love her, but does it really matter?
I just can't stand to see you dragging down again, again, again So I'm singing, oh this is my kinda love
It's the kind that moves on
It's some kind that leaves me alone, you know
Oh this is my kinda love
It's the kind that moves on
It's the kind that leaves me alone I used to treat you like a lady, now you're my substitute teacher
This bottle's not a pretty, not a pretty sight
I owe the man some money, so I'm turnin over honey
Yes, Mr. Faded Glory is once again doin' time, yeah This is my kinda love
It's the kind that moves on
It's the kind that leaves me alone
Now this is my kinda love
It's the kind that moves on
It's the kind that, it's the kind that Leaves me alone
Like a crown of thorns
It's all who you know
So don't burn your bridges, woman
'Cause someday, yeah So I'm singing
This is my kinda love
It's the kind that moves on
It's the kind that leaves you alone, yeah
This is my kinda love
It's the kind that moves on
It's the kind that, kind that leaves me alone Like a crown of thorns
It's all who you know
Come on, come on, come on
Don't burn your bridges, woman Underneath this smile lies everything
All my hopes and anger, pride and shame
Make myself a pact not to shut doors on the past
Just for today I am free I will not lose my faith
It's an inside job today
I know this one thing well I used to try to kill love, was the highest sin
Breathing insecurity out and in
Searching hope, I'm shown the way to run straight
Pursuing the greater way for all human light How I choose to feel is how I am
How I choose to feel is how I am
I will not lose my faith
It's an inside job today Holding on, the light of night
On my knees to rise and fix my broken soul
Again Let me run into the rain
To be a human light again
Let me run into the rain
To shine a human light today Life comes from within your heart and desire
Oh, life comes from within my heart and desire
Oh, life comes from within your heart and desire Yeah, yeah
Run in rain Troubled souls unite, we got ourselves tonight.
I am fuel, you are friends, we got the means to make amends.
I am lost, I'm no guide, but I'm by your side.
I am right by your side. Young lover, I stand.
It was their idea, I proved to be a man.
Take my fucking hand.
It was their idea, I proved to be a man.
Will myself to find a home, a home within myself.
We will find a way, we will find our place. Drop the leash, drop the leash...
Get outta' my fuckin' face.
Drop the leash, drop the leash...
Get outta' my fuckin' face.
Drop the leash, drop the leash
Get outta' my fucking face. Drop the leash, we are young.
Drop the leash, drop the leash.
Oh, get outta' my fuckin' face...
Drop the leash, drop the leash...
Get outta' my, my... Delight, delight, delight in our youth...
Get outta' my fuckin' face... There's colors on the street, red, white and blue
People shufflin' their feet, people sleepin' in their shoes
But there's a warnin' sign on the road ahead
There's a lot of people sayin' we'd be better off
Don't feel like Satan but I'm to them
So, I try to forget it anyway I can Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world I see a woman in the night with a baby in her hand
Under an old street light near a garbage can
Now, she's put the kid away and she's gone to get a hit
She's her life and what she's done to it
That's one more kid that'll never go to school
Never get to fall in love, never get to be cool Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world There's a thousand points of light
Let me change that We're a thousand points of light for the soldier man
Want 'em to come home soon, come home while they can
To our department stores and toilet paper
Styrofoam garbage for the ozone layer
They say he's a man of the people I think it's a lie
He gives us fuel to burn, on our roads to drive Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world Hey...oooh...
Sheets of empty canvas
Untouched sheets of clay
Were laid spread out before me
As her body once did
All five horizons
Revolved around her soul
As the earth to the sun
Now the air I tasted and breathed
Has taken a turn
Ooh and all I taught her was everything
Ooh I know she gave me all that she wore
And now my bitter hands
Chafe beneath the clouds
Of what was everything
Oh the pictures have
All been washed in black
Tattooed everything
I take a walk outside
I'm surrounded by
Some kids at play
I can feel their laughter
So why do I sear
Oh, and twisted thoughts that spin
Round my head
I'm spinning
Oh, I'm spinning
How quick the sun can, drop away...
And now my bitter hands
Cradle broken glass
Of what was everything
All the pictures had
All been washed in black
Tattooed everything
All the love gone bad
Turned my world to black
Tattooed all I see
All that I am
All I'll be...
Yeah
Uh huh...uh huh...ooh...
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life
I know you'll be a sun
In somebody else's sky
But why
Why
Why can't it be
Why can't it be mine
(not sure?)
mm-hmm no yeah no
mm mmmm no nonono yeah yeah
we-
we belong
we belong together
together
oooh ooh
we-
we belong
we belong together
oh yeah All the thoughts you never see
You are always thinking
Brain is wide, the brain is deep
Oh, are you sinking? Feel the path of every day
Which road you taking?
Breathing hard, making hay
Yeah, this is living Look for love in evidence
That you're worth keeping
Swallowed whole in negatives
It's so sad and sickening Feel the air up above
Oh, pool of blue sky
Fill the air up with love
All black with starlight Feel the sky blanket you
With gems and rhinestones!
See the path cut by the moon
For you to walk on
For you to walk on... Nothing left, nothing left
Nothing there, nothing here...
Nothing left, nothing left Nothing there, nothing left...
Nothing left, nothing left
Nothing there, nothing here...
See the path cut by the moon For you to walk on
See the waves on distant shores
Awaiting your arrival
Dream the dreams of other men
You'll be no one's rival Dream the dreams of others then
You will be no one's rival
You will be no one's rival...
A distant time, a distant space
That's where we're living
A distant time, a distant place
So what ya giving?
What ya giving? Do you see the way that tree bends?
Does it inspire?
Leaning out to catch the sun's rays.
A lesson to be applied.
Are you getting something out of this all-encompassing trip? You can spend your time alone redigesting past regrets, oh.
Or you can come to terms and realize,
You're the only one who can't forgive yourself, oh.
Makes much more sense to live in the present tense. Have you ideas on how this life ends?
Checked your hands and studied the lines.
Have you ever believed that the road ahead ascends off into the light?
Seems that needlessly it's getting harder
To find an approach and a way to live.
Are we getting something out of this all-encompassing trip? You can spend your time alone redigesting past regrets, oh.
Or you can come to terms and realize,
You're the only one who can't forgive yourself, oh.
Makes much more sense to live in the present tense. Vacate is the word...
vengeance has no place on me or her
Cannot find the comfort in this world
Artificial tear...
vessel stabbed, next up, volunteers
Vulnerable, wisdom can't adhere... A truant finds home... and a wish to hold on...
But there's a trapdoor in the sun...
Immortality... As privileged as a whore...
victims in demand for public show
Swept out through the cracks beneath the door
Holier than thou, how?
Surrendered... executed, anyhow
Scrawl dissolved, cigar box on the floor... A truant finds home... and a wish to hold on too...
He saw the trapdoor in the sun... I cannot stop the thought... I'm running in the dark...
Coming up a which way sign...
all good truants must decide...
Oh, stripped and sold, mom...
Auctioned forearm...
And whiskers in the sink...
Truants move on... cannot stay long
Some die just to live...
Ohh... I've used hammers made out of wood
I have played games with pieces and rules
I've deciphered tricks at the bar
But now you're gone
I haven't figured out why
I've come up with riddles
And jokes about war
I've figured out numbers and what they're for
I've understood feelings
And I've understood words
But how could you be taken away? And wherever you've gone, and wherever we might go
It don't seem fair, today just disappeared
Your light's reflected now, reflected from a far
We were but stones, your light made us stars With heavy breath awakens regret
Back pages and days that could've been spent
Together, but we're miles apart
Every inch between us becomes light years now
No time to be void or save up on life
You've got to spend it all And wherever you've gone, and wherever we might go
It don't seem fair, today just disappeared
Your light's reflected now, reflected from a far
We were but stones, your light made us stars She nursed him there over a night
I wasn't so sure she wanted him to stay
What to say? What to say?
But soon she was down, soon he was low
At a quarter past, a holy no
She had to turn around When she couldn't hold, oh, she folded
A dissident is here
Escape is never the safest path
Oh, a dissident, a dissident is here And to this day, she's glided on
Always home but so far away, like a word misplaced
Nothing said, what a waste
But when she had contact with the conflict
There was meaning but she sold him to the state
She had to turn around When she couldn't hold, she folded
A dissident is here
Escape is never the safest path
Oh, a dissident, a dissident is here
Oh, oh, oh... She gave him away when she couldn't hold
No, she folded
A dissident is here
Escape is never the safest path
Oh, a dissident, a dissident is here
Oh, couldn't hold on
She couldn't hold, mo, she folded
A dissident is here
Escape is never the safest place
Oh, a dissident is here Vedder to Crowd:
"I'm going to stand here with you. I'm going to give you a part, I say 'It's OK and you say 'It's O.k.'" It's ok...
Vedder and crowd -It's ok! It's ok
Crowd: It's ok It's ok
It's ok
You don't have to run and hide away It's ok
It's ok
You know I love you anyway It's ok, it's ok This is my chance, this is my life,
This is my hope in an alleyway
This is my chance, this is my voice
There may be no more tomorrow
This my plea
This is my need
And my time of standing free
This is my step
This is my day
And the world is never the same It's ok
It's ok You know I love you anyway
Its ok
It's ok You don't have to run and hide away It's ok
It's ok
It's ok ...
It's Okaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay... Oh It's kayyyyy" I've got a feeling. A feeling deep inside oh yeah. Oh, yeah.
I've got a feeling. A feeling I can't hide oh no, no. Whoa, no.
Yeah. Yeah, I've got a feeling, yeah. Oh please believe me. I'd hate to miss the train oh yeah. Oh,
yeah. Haha.
Ooh, and if you leave me I won't be late again no no, no. Oh,
no.
Yeah. I've got a feeling. Yeah whew ooh oh yeah. And I don't understand how come nobody told me.
Why I'd want to sing like a Milli Vanilli?
All I ever wanted was someone who looked like you. You, oh.
I got a feeling that keeps me on my toes oh yeah yeah. Oh yeah.
Uh huh. I got a feeling. I think that everybody knows, oh yeah,
yeah. Oh yeah.
Yeah, wow I got a feeling. Yeah, whoa. Everybody had a good year though we never saw the sunshine.
Everybody had a wet dream. Making Temple was a good time.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Everybody made a movie. Everybody had one line.
Everybody misses Andy. We'll be seeing him in no time.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Ooh, yeah. I got a feeling, yeah. Oh.
I got a feeling. A feeling deep inside oh yeah yeah. Oh yeah.
Ooh, I got a feeling. A feeling I can't hide oh no no. Oh no.
Yeah, I got a feeling. yeah yeah ah ooh yeah. Yeah, hey, hey
When somethings dark, let me shed a little light on it
When somethings cold, let me put a little fire on it
If somethings old, I wanna put a bit of shine on it
When somethings gone, I wanna fight to get it back again yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, fight to get it back again
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah When somethings broke, I wanna put a bit of fixin on it
When somethings bored, I wanna put a little exciting on it
If somethings low, I wanna put a little high on it
When somethings lost, I wanna fight to get it back again yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, fight to get it back again
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah When signals cross, I wanna put a little straight on it
If theres no love, I wanna try to love again I'll say your prayers, I'll take your side
I'll find us a way to make light
I'll dig your grave, we'll dance and sing
What's saved could be one last lifetime hey, hey, hey
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, fight to get it back again
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
fight to get it back again, yeah, yeah, yeah
fight to get it back again, yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I speak for a man who gave for this land
took a bullet in the back for his pay
spilled his blood in the dirt and the dust
and he's come back to say That what he has seen is hard to believe
and it does no good to just pray
he asks of us to stand, and we must
end this war today With his mind he's saying NO MORE
With his heart he's saying NO MORE
With his life he's saying NO MORE WAR With his eyes he's saying NO MORE
With his body he's saying NO MORE
With his voice he's saying NO MORE WAR Nothing's too good for a Veteran
yeh, this is the way they say
so nothing is what they will get
in this new American way The lies that were told to get us to go
were criminal, let us be straight
let's get to the point where our voices are heard
behind the White House gate With our minds we're saying NO MORE
With our hearts we're saying NO MORE
With our lives we're saying NO MORE WAR With our eyes we're saying NO MORE
With our bodies we're saying NO MORE
With our voices we're saying NO MORE WAR No more innocents dying
No more terrorizing
No more eulogizing
No more evangelizing
No more Presidents lying No more war. What used to be a house of cards
Has turned into a reservoir
Save the tears that were waterfalling
Let's go swim tonight, darling
And once outside the undertow
Just you and me, and nothing more If not for love, I would be drowning
I've seen it work both ways
But I am up riding high amongst the waves
Where I can feel like I Have a soul that has been saved Where I can feel like I've
Put away my early grave
I gotta say it now Better loud than too late
Remember back, the early days When you were young, and less amazed
Suddenly the channel changed The first time you saw blood
Cut to later, now you're strong
You've bled yourself, the wounds are gone It's rare when there is nothing wrong
Survived and you're amongst the fittest
Love ain't love until you feel it
Up riding high amongst the waves
I can feel like I have a soul that has been saved
I can see the light coming through the clouds in rays
I gotta say it now better loud than too late
I gotta say it now
Better loud than too late
Hey... yeah...
Riding high amongst the waves
I can feel like I
Have a soul that has been saved
I can see the light
Coming through the clouds in rays
I gotta say it now
Better loud than too late
I gotta say it now
Better loud than too late
Say it now
Better loud than too late Wide awake and he shakes in a panic
never woke up alone ever before
had his woman long as he can remember
tries to forget, but he can't, he can't...
out of bed and he dreams in the shower
she's standing naked and apologizing
reaches for her `till his mind becomes blood hot
woken up to be burned, burned, again...
go it alone
you got it, so it goes
i wanna breathe and i said
i can't take it any other way
On the streets he's walkin', wounded
doesn't smile for the child at play
thoughts of suicide and alleviation
anything to get his heart off of the coals
does he fly away or just talk about it
like a seagull born to cry in the wind
all experiences lead to a young girl
alone you will meet the one who lies in wait
go it alone
you got it, so it goes
try to breathe, but you can't
you can't take it any other way, yeah, yeah...
...myself, don't talk to me
i can help myself, don't talk to me
i can help myself, myself
i can help myself, don't talk to me (3x)
i can help myself, myself...
...myself, don't talk to me
i can help myself
Wide awake and he shakes in a panic
never woke up alone ever before
had his woman long as he can remember
tries to forget, but he can't, he can't, he can't, he can't... No more upset mornings
No more tired evenings
This American dream
I am disbelieving When the gas in my tank
Feels like money in the bank
Gonna blow it all this time
Take me one last ride For the lights of this city
They only look good when I'm speeding
I wanna leave 'em all behind me
'Cause this time I'm gone Long gone
This time I'm letting go of it all
So long
'Cause this time I'm gone In the far off distance
As my tail-lights fade
No one thinks to witness
But they will someday Feel like a question is forming
And the answer's far
I will be what I could be
Once I get out of this town For the lights of this city
They have lost all feeling
Gonna leave 'em all behind me
'Cause this time I'm gone Long gone
Yeah, this time I'm letting go of it all
So long
Long gone, I'm letting go of it all
'Cause this time I'm gone If nothing is everything
If nothing is everything, I'll have it all
If nothing is everything
If nothing is everything, I'll have it all I am gone What were all those dreams we shared those many years ago?
What were all those plans we made now left beside the road?
Behind us in the road.
More than friends, I always pledged cause friends they come and go
People change as does everything, I wanted to grow old
Just want to grow old. () Slide on next to me, I'm just a human being
I will take the blame but just the same, this is not me
You see, believe, I'm better than this
Don't leave me so cold, I'm buried beneath the stones
I just want to hold on and know I'm worth your love
Enough, I don't think, there's such a thing. It's my fault, now I've been caught a sickness in my bones.
How it pains to leave you here with the kids on your own.
Just don't let me go. () Help me see myself, cause I can no longer tell
Looking up from inside of the bottom of a well
it's Hell, I yell, but no one hears
Before I disappear, whisper in my ear
Give me something to echo in my unknown futures ear
My dear, the end, comes near, I'm here, but not much longer. I used to be on an endless run
Believed in miracles 'cuz I'm one
I've been blessed with the power to survive
After all these years I'm still alive I'm out here kickin with the band
I am no longer a solitary man
Everyday my time runs out
Live like a fool, that's what i was about Oh I belive in miracles
I believe in a better world for me and you
Oh Oh I believe in miracles
I believe in a better world for me and you Tattooed your name on my arm
I always said my girl's a good luck charm
If she can find a reason to forgive
Then i can find a reason to live I used to be on an endless run
Believed in miracles 'cuz I'm one
I've been blessed with the power to survive
After all these years I'm still alive Oh I belive in miracles
I believe in a better world for me and you
Oh Oh I believe in miracles
I believe in a better world for me and you I close my eyes and think how it might be
the future's here today
it's not too late, it's not too late oh I belive in miracles
I believe in a better world for me and you
Oh I believe in miracles
I believe in a better world for me and you She lived on a curve in the road
An old tar paper shack
On the south side of the town
On the wrong side of the tracks
Sometimes on the way into town
We'd say, "Mama can we stop and give her a ride?"
Sometimes we did, but her hands flew from her side
Wild eyed crazy Mary Down a long dirt road
Past the Parson's place
The old blue car
We used to race
Our little country store with a sign tacked to the side
Said, "No L O I T E R I N G allowed"
Underneath that sign always congregated quite a crowd Take a bottle drink it down
Pass it around
Take a bottle drink it down
Pass it around
Pass it a
Take a bottle drink it down
Pass it a, pass it a, pass it around One night a thunder cracked
Mercy backed outside her windowsill
I dreamed I was flying
High above the trees, over the hills
Looked down into the house of Mary
A bare bulb on
Newspaper covered walls
And Mary rising up above it all Next morning on the way into town
We saw some skidmarks and followed them around
Over the curve, through the fields into the house of Mary
That what you fear the most
Could meet you halfway
That what you fear the most
Could meet you halfway Take a bottle drink it down
Pass it around
Take a bottle drink it down
Pass it a, pass it around
Take a bottle drink it down
Pass it a, pass it a, pass it around Come you masters of war, you that build all the guns
You that build the death place, you that build all the guns
You that hide behind walls, you that hide behind desks
I just want you to know, I can see through your masks You that never done nothing, but to build and destroy
You play with my world, like it's your little toy
You put a gun in my hand, then you hide from my eyes
And you turn and run farther as the fast bullets fly Like Judas of old, you lie and deceive
A world war can be won, and you want me to believe
But I see through your eyes, and I see through your brain
Like I see through the water that runs down my drain You that fasten all the triggers, for the others to fire
Then you sit back and watch, while the death count gets higher
You hide in your mansion, while young people's blood
Flows out of their bodies and is buried in the mud You've thrown the worst fear, that could ever be hurled
The fear to bring children, into this world
For threatenin' my baby, unborn and unnamed
You ain't worth the blood that runs in your veins How much do I know, to talk out of turn?
You might say that I'm young, you might say I'm unlearned
But there's one thing I know, though I'm younger than you
Even Jesus would never forgive what you do Let me ask you one question, is your money that good?
Will it buy you forgiveness? do you think that it could?
Oh, I think you will find, when your death takes its toll
All the money you made will never buy back your soul And I hope that you die, and your death will come soon
I'll follow your casket, in the pale afternoon
And I'll watch as you're lowered, into your deathbed
And I'll stand on your grave 'til I'm sure that you're dead She scratches a letter, into a wall made of stone
Maybe someday another child, won't feel as alone as she does...
It's been two years and counting
Since they put her in this place
She's been diagnosed, by some stupid fuck
And mommy agrees, yeah
Why go home, why go home, why go home?
She seems to be stronger
But what they want her to be... is weak
She could play pretend, she could join the game, boy She could be another clone
Oh, uh, ah yeah Why go home, why go home, why go home, why go home? What you taught me (Why go home?)
Put me here (Why go home?)
Don't come visit (Why go home?)
Mother, sing it
(...)
Why go home, why go home, why go home, why go home?
What you taught me (Why go home?) Put me here (Why go home?)
Don't come visit (Why go home?)
Mother, Mother, yeah
Why go home, why go home, why go home, why go home? Don't feel like home
He's a little out
And all these words alone
Is nothing like your poem Putting in, inputting in
Don't feel like methadone
A scratching voice all alone
It's nothing like your baritone It's nothing as it seems
The little that he needs, it's home
The little that he sees
Is nothing he can seize, it's home One uninviting chromosome
A blanket like the ozone It's nothing as it seems
All that he needs is home
The little that he frees
Is nothing he believes Saving it for a sunny day
Something maybe, two tone
Anything of his own
A chip off the corner stone Who's kidding? Rainy day
A one way ticket headstone
An occupation's overthrown
A whisper through a megaphone It's nothing as it seems
The little that he needs, it's home
The little that he sees
Is nothing he concedes, it's home And all that he frees
A little bittersweet, it's home
It's nothing as it seems
The little that he sees, it's home Oh, please, don't go out on me, don't go on me now
Never acted up before, don't go on me now
I swear I never took it for granted, just thought of it now
Suppose I abused you, just passing it on
Go
Fuck Once fastened, servile
Now you're getting sharp
Moving oh so swiftly with such disarm
I pulled the covers over your head, should've pulled the alarm
Turned to my nemesis, a fool, not a fucking god No
Time
Suck
My Please don't go on me
Don't go on me
Don't go on me
Don't go on me
Please Oh
Suck
Blood
Touch
Please
Tunnel vision
Tuck
Time
See
Please, please, please Don't go on me
Don't go on me
Don't go on me
Don't go on me
Please, don't you want me?
Don't go on me
Please, don't go on me clouds roll by
reeling is what they say ... or is it just my way?
wind blows by ...
low light ... sidetracked ... low light
can't see my tracks, your scent way back can I be here all alone? ... clear a path to my home
blood runs dry ...
books and jealousy tell me wrong
I will feel calm
voice blows by ...
low light ... car crash ... low light
can't wear my mask, your first, my last voice blows by
two birds is what they'll see ... getting lost upon their way
wind blows by ...
low light ... eye sight ... low light
I need the light, I'll find my way from wrong
what's real, the dream I see Here I stand head in hand, turn my face to the wall
If she's gone I can't go on, feeling two foot small
Oh, everywhere people stare, I can never win
Hearing them, seeing them in the state I'm in Hey, you've got to hide your love away
Hey, you've got to hide your love away Why should I even try? I can never win
Hearing them, seeing them in the state I'm in
How could she say to me, "Love will find a way"?
Gather 'round, all you clowns, let me hear you say Hey, you've got to hide your love away
Hey, you've got to hide your love away My lips are shakin' my nails are bit off
Been a month since I've even heard myself talk
Only advantage this life's got on me
Picture empty cup in the middle of the sea And I fought back in my mind
Never lets me be right, I got memories, I got shit
So much it don't show
Oh, I walked the line, when you held me in at night Oh, I walked the line, when you held my hand at night
An empty shells seem so easy to crack
Got all these questions
Don't know who I could even ask So I'll just lie alone, and wait for the dream
Where I'm not ugly and you're lookin' at me
And I'll stay in a bed
Oh, blues eyes, I've seen him If just once I could feel loved
Oh, stare back at me
But I walked the line
When you held me in at night Oh, I walked the line
When you held my hand at night
Oh, I walked the line
When you held me close at night
I paid the price
Never held you in real life
My lips are shakin'. Oh, he deals them off, off the top, ties them off
Fills it up with his past, gets carried away
Oh, half his life, a hand-me-down, wasted away
Oh, he fills it up with the love of a girl Oh, he left it alone, drilled the pain with money to buy How he makes his getaway
How he makes his getaway Oh, he chose a path, heavy the fall, quarter to four
Fills his mind with the thought of a girl How he makes his getaway
How he makes his getaway
How he makes his getaway
Getaway I took a drive today
Time to emancipate
I guess it was the beatings, made me wise
But I'm not about to give thanks or apologize I couldn't breathe, holdin' me down
Hand on my face, pushed to the ground
Enmity gaged, united by fear
Forced to endure what I could not forgive I seem to look away
Wounds in the mirror waved
It wasn't my surface
Most defiled Head at your feet, fool to your crown
Fist on my plate, swallowed it down
Enmity gaged, united by fear
Tried to endure what I could not forgive Saw things, saw things
Saw things, saw things
Clearer, clearer
Once you, were in my rear view mirror I gather speed from you fucking with me
Once and for all, I'm far away
I hardly believe, finally the shades
Are raised, hey Saw things so much clearer
Once you, once you
(Rear view mirror)
Saw things so much clearer
Once you, once you
(Rear view mirror)
Saw things so much clearer
Once you, once you
(Rear view mirror)
Saw things so much clearer
Once you
Oh yeah Oh, how I wish you were here
We were just two lost souls
Swimming in a fish bowl
Year after year And now I'm running over
That same old ground
What have I found?
The same old fears
Oh, how I wish you were here So you think you can tell
Heaven from hell
Blue skies from pain? Can you tell a green field
From a cold steel rail
A smile from a veil?
Do you think you can tell? Did they get you to trade
All your heroes for ghosts
Hot ashes for trees
Hot air for a cool breeze
Cold comfort for change? Did you exchange
A walk on part in the war
For a lead role in a cage? Oh, how I wish you were here
We were just two lost souls
Swimming in a fish bowl
Year after year And now I'm running over
The same old ground
What have I found?
The same old fears Sure do wish you were here
Sure do wish you were here
God, I wish you were here I was drawn...
Riding atop a black horse.
Whatever past there was,...
I could only observe...
Where the trouble starts.
Where does it end?
How can I be cured,...
How, before it ends? I know... life would be different if I... held on. Held on.
I know... I could be something if I... held on. Gave her life away,...
Put it in my pocket when it shoulda been framed.
Oh, I lost its shine.
Gotta get this outta my head,...
Out of my bed!
How could it end,...
End like this?
How could it end? I know... life would be different had I... held on. Held on.
I know... I could be something had I... held on. Held on.
I know... I could be something if I... held on! Held on.
I know... life would be different if I... held on! Held on! Held on. Held on. If I...
Held on. Held on. If I...
Held on. Held on. If I...
Held on. Held on. Everyone's a critic looking back up the river
Every boat is leaking in this town
Everybody is thinking they can all be delivered
Sitting in a box like lost and found But I found my place
And it's all right
We're all searching for a better way
Get this off my plate
It's all right
I got my own way to believe Find a lighthouse in the dark stormy weather
We all could use a sedative right now
Holy rollers sitting with their backs to the middle
All alone and sinking is the bow And if you want to have to pray
It's all right
We all be thinking with our different brains
Get this off my plate
It's all right
I got my own way to believe It's okay
Sometimes you find yourself having to put all your faith
In no faith
Mine is mine and yours won't take its place
Now, make your getaway
Science says we're making love like the lizards
Try and say that fossils ain't profound
Silence says that we're not allowed to consider
Silence says stand up, sit down, you're out
But I found my place
And it's all right I'm bearing witness to some better things
Get this off my plate
It's all right
I've got my own way to believe
It's okay
Sometimes you find yourself being told to change your ways
There's no way
Mine is mine and yours won't take its place
Now make your getaway
Hey hey, it's okay
Sometimes you find yourself having to put all your faith
In no faith
Mine is mine and yours won't take its place Now make your getaway
It's okay
Sometimes you find yourself being told to change your ways
For God's sake
Mine is mine and yours won't take its place
Now, make your getaway Can't know what's high
'Til you been down so low The future's bright
Lit up with no where to go To and fro the pendulum throws We are here and then we go
My shadow left me long ago Understand what we don't know
This might pass, this might last, this may grow Easy come easy go
Easy left me a long time ago I'm in the fire, but I'm still cold
Nothing works, works for me anymore To and fro the pendulum throws
To and fro the pendulum throws To and fro
To and fro 