I'm Jam Master Jay! Adidas, WBLS and Rush Productions presents
A fund-raising appearance by the kings of rap'n'roll... Again 
I'm Jam Master Jay! Adidas, WBLS, and Rush Production, presents
A fund-raising appearance by the kings of rap'n'roll... Live at the Apollo Theater, April 19th, two shows, 7 and 11 Alright let's do that again, #8
Take your time Jay, you sound like you rushin
You gotta rush, we only got 60 seconds to say a lot of shit
#8 What's up New York? My name is Jam Master Jay
And I'm here to say that Adidas, WBLS, and Rush Productions presents
A fund-raising appearance by the kings of rap'n'roll... Live at the Apollo Theater, April 19th, two shows, 7 and 11 P.M.
Alright cool.. [long pause].. #10 What's up New York? My name is Jam Master Jay
And I'm here to say... that Adidas, WBLS, and Rush Productions
present a fund-raising appearance, by the kings of rap, Run-D.M.C.  Let's do it again, uhh #11
I thought I had it right man, here we go
11
What's up New York? Let's do one more Joe, 14 Yo whattup? This is Run! And me and my man D.M.C., gon' be bustin new jams like...this!
Take 15 Special guest, the Beastie Boys!
Tickets 5, 10, 18 and 25 dollars
With special box seats, at 30 dollars
Pick 'em up at the Apollo Theater box office, or ticket censors [laughs] Ticket outlets, TicketMaster outlets
TicketMaster outlets!
This'll be take 16 Yo, Andre, are you sure they gonna
BLS ain't gonna give us no, no beef about... 16 Special guest, the Beastie Boys!
Tickets 5, 10, 18 and 25 dollars
With special box seats, at 30 dollars
Pick 'em up at the Apollo Theater box office
or, TicketMaster centers, fuck it! Outlets, now let's do one more, for safe keeping
FUCK THAT!
19, one more time
Damn Steve! 4 If you buy your ticket at the TicketMaster outlet
on East 8th Street at American Video
Get free roundtrip bus transportation from downtown
courtesy of Vinylmania - and hold onto your ticket stubs
for the official afterparty, at the World Disco
2nd Street and Avenue C
Your admission to the World is free with your Apollo ticket stub
courtesy of the East Village Eye 33 Don't forget, Run-D.M.C. and the Beastie Boys
Saturday night on April 19th
7 and 11 at the Apollo Theater as... (THE DEF JAM SERIES, ROCKS ON) We interrupt your regularly scheduled program, with a hot news flash
Dan, Dan, are you there?
Yeah I'm here, and what a crowd!
This is Dan Summers, your super scoop news reporter, at the local ticket outlet center
Excuse me sir, what's all the excitement about?
Yo man, you don't know?!
Run-D.M.C. and the Raising Hell Tour is coming to town, B!
Yeah what will they be singing? (Run-D.M.C.)
Together, forever, forever, together
Run-D.M.C. and we're... MY, AH-DIDAS! Excuse me miss, who are you going to see?
Whodini! (Whodini)
Funky beat, funky beat, funky beat Oh my God, who are all you kids running to see?! (LL Cool J)
LL Cool J is hard as HELL This is Dan Summers, your super scoop reporter, signing off!
Dan, what about weather, what about sports? Where are you going?
To get my Run-D.M.C. RAISING HELL tickets! Word! Getter of girls, master of men
("King of Rock") and I am him
Lord of lyrics, duke of discussion
Ruler of rap and king at cold crushin And I'm DJ Run, commander-in-chief
Dictator, and hater of those that beee Puller of people (controller of crowd)
Lingering lyrics (long) lastin' and LOUD Droppin MCs, with just one punch
'cause it's the baddest of the {?} so call me Captain Crunch
Slayin MCs', make 'em walk the plank
(What's next?) Swappin' decks then I count my bank
Sophisticated sounds, not soft or sour
Servin you suckers sellin' dreams in the shower
Rockin this party, hour after hour
If a girlie try to diss me (Oh my God!) I won't allow her! Wizard of words, ruler of rap
Not soft, not a sucker, could never be a sap
You might get jacked, 'cause you talk crap
When I bust my rap, they all step back
(The) microphone (master) D.M.C.
'cause it's one, two, three, four casualties
You'll be praisin D, down on your knees
'Cause I'm poppin and joppin, stoppin' all MCs' W-w-wel, w-w-we-well
I'm rhymin and climbin beat-makin every day
The synthesizer sound, so silence when I say
that I am great, get it straight, cause that's my fate
My name is Run I'm number one, that's how I rate
He's in the place with the bass, and style and grace
His name is Jay, he's here to play, and win this race
He's off the wall, on the ball, his name is D
Kind of tall yes y'all and he's down with me I'm talked about because I turn it out
You cannot count this large amount
of rhymes I got that rock this spot
'cause I am def and you are NOT
If I was fake, I would not break
If the titles at stake, then I would take
Paving the title, will be taken
I'm for real, I'm not faking
Suckers are shivering and, dead shaking
I think ya scared if I'm not mistaken
I gain respect and if I'm correct
They'll awe like a ball that I have check
If the shots they take have no effect
The punk tried to dunk, but he broke his neck
'cause I rock harder and I, get farther
You wanna battle D, hey please, don't bother
to waste your time, messin wit my rhyme
The only kick you get out of it is in the behind Kings from Queens from Queens come Kings
We're Raising Hell like a class when the lunch bell rings
The king will be praised, and hell will be raised
S-suckers try to faze him but he won't be fazed
So what's your name? D.M.C.! The King is me!
Your High-ness, or His Majesty!
You can debate, c-c-c-concentrate
But you can't imitate D.M.C. THE GREAT! This speech is my recital, I think it's very vital
To rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's Tricky tricky, here we go It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky, it's tricky, tricky
(Tricky, tricky)
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky, tr-tr-tricky, tricky
(Trrrricky) I met this little girlie, her hair was kinda curly
Went to her house and bust her out, I had to leave real early
These girls are really sleazy, all they just say is please me
Or spend some time and rock a rhyme, I said, "It's not that easy" It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky, (How is it D?) it's tricky, tricky
(Tricky, tricky)
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky, tricky, tricky
(Tricky) In New York the people talk and try to make us rhyme
They really but we just because we have no time
(Hawk, walk)
And in the city, it's a pity 'cause we just can't hide
Tinted windows don't mean nothin', they know who's inside It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky (How is it D?), tricky, tricky
(Tricky, tricky)
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky, tricky, tricky,
(Tricky, tricky) huh! When I wake up people take up mostly all of my time
I'm not singin', phone keep ringin' 'cause I make up a rhyme
I'm not braggin', people naggin' 'cause they think, I'm a star
Always tearin' what I'm wearin', I think, they're goin' too far A girl named Carol follows Daryll every gig we play
Then D dissed her and dismissed her, now she's jockin' Jay
I ain't lyin', girls be cryin' 'cause I'm on TV
They even bother my poor father 'cause he's down with me It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky (How is it D?), tricky, tricky
(Tricky, tricky)
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's tricky, tr-tr-tricky, tr-tr-tr
(Tr-Tr-Tricky)
We are not thugs, we don't use drugs
But you assume on your own
They offer coke and lots of dope
But we just leave it alone
It's like that y'all but we don't quit
(Y'all)
You keep on shock! 'Cause this is it
(Rock!) My Adidas
walked through concert doors
and roamed all over coliseum floors
I stepped on stage, at Live Aid
All the people gave and the poor got paid
And out of speakers I did speak
I wore my sneakers but I'm not a sneak
My Adidas cuts the sand of a foreign land
with mic in hand I cold took command
my Adidas and me, close as can be
we make a mean team, my Adidas and me
we get around together, rhyme forever
and we won't be mad when worn in bad weather
My Adidas.
My Adidas.
My Adidas standin on 2 Fifth St.
funky fresh and yes cold on my feet
with no shoe string in em, I did not win em
I bought em off the Ave with the black Lee denim
I like to sport em that's why I bought em
a sucker tried to steal em so I caught em and I fought em
and I walk down the street and I bop to the beat
with Lee on my legs and adidas on my feet
and now I just standin here shooting the gif
me and D and my Adidas standing on 2 Fifth
My Adidas.
My Adidas. Now
me and my Adidas do the illest things
we like to stomp out pimps with diamond rings
we slay all suckers who perpetrate
and lay down law from state to state
we travel on gravel, dirt road or street
I wear my Adidas when I rock the beat
on stage front page every show I go
it's Adidas on my feet high top or low
My Adidas.
My Adidas. Now the Adidas I possess for one man is rare
myself homeboy got 50 pair
got blue and black cause I like to chill
and yellow and green when it's time to get ill
got a pair that I wear when I'm playin ball
with the heal inside make me 10 feet tall
my Adidas only bring good news
and they are not used as selling shoes
they're black and white, white with black stripe
the ones I like to wear when I rock the mic
on the strength of our famous university
we took the beat from the street and put it on TV
my Adidas are seen on the movie screen
Hollywood knows we're good if you know what I mean
we started in the alley, now we chill in Cali
and I won't trade my Adidas for no beat up Bally's
My Adidas. Shut up! You talk too much...
You talk too much...
You talk too much...
You talk too much... Hey! You over there, I know about your kind
You're like the Independent Network News on Channel 9
Everywhere that you go, no matter where you at
I said you talk about this, and you talk about that
When the cat took your tongue, I say you took it right back
Your mouth is so big, one bite would kill a Big Mac You talk too much You never shut up
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never shut up You talk about people, you don't even know
And you talk about places, you NEVER go
You talk about your girl, from head to toe
I said your mouth's moving fast, and your brain's moving slow You talk too much You never shut up!
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never shut up You're the instigator, the orator of the town
You're the worst when you converse, just a big mouth clown
You talk when you're awake, I heard you talk when you sleep
Has anyone ever told you, that talk is cheap You talk too much You never shut, up!
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never SHUT UP! Talking is the one thing, that you can do best
You told the cavity creeps, to watch out for Crest
You never have the story, right and exact
And then you always try to bore me, with your yakkity yak You talk too much And then you never shut up
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never SHUT UP! Everyday you are out fighting someone in the street
And you're always fighting someone you know ya can't beat
Then you wonder how, you got in this mess
Just think of what you said, then take a guess You talk too much You never shut up!
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never SHUT UP! You're always spreading rumors, whether bad or good
You're the damn Walter Cronkite of the neighborhood
The Barbara Walters, and the Howard Cosell
You always come around, with a story to tell You talk too much And then you never shut up
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never SHUT UP! Said it's everybody's business that you love to mind
And talkin to you, is like dropping a dime
You're spreading the word, like it is your job
You should be a stool pigeon, who works for the mob You talk too much And you never shut up
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never shut up! A big blabbermouth, that's what you are
If you were a talk show host, you'd be a star
I said your mouth is big, size extra large
And when you open it, it's like my garage You talk too much And then you never shut up
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never shut up You always like to gossip, just like a girl
You talk so damn much, it's outta this world
When you're reincarnated, in your second life
You won't be a man, you'll be a nagging wife You talk too much Then you never shut up
He said you talk too much Homeboy you never SHUT UP! SHUT UP!
SHUT UP! Twenty-five hours, eight days a week
Thirteen months outta year, is when you speak
I'm tired of listening to the garbage you talk
Why don't you find a short pier, and take a long walk You talk too much Then you never shut up!
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never SHUT UP!
You talk too much You could be, out of breath
You talk too much Man you naggin me to death
You talk too much Tired of hearing you speak
You talk too much Eight days a week
You talk too much Then you never shut up
I said you talk too much Why don't you ever SHUT UP!
You talk too much Then you never shut up!
I said you talk too much Homeboy you never SHUT UP! Unemployment at a record highs
People coming, people going, people born to die
Don't ask me, because I don't know why
But it's like that, and that's the way it is People in the world tryin to make ends meet
You try to ride car, train, bus, or feet
I said you got to work hard, you want to compete
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Huh! Money is the key to end all your woes
Your ups, your downs, your highs and your lows
Won't you tell me the last time that love bought you clothes?
It's like that, and that's the way it is Bills rise higher every day
We receive much lower pay
I'd rather stay young, go out and play
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Huh! Wars going on across the sea
Street soldiers killing the elderly
Whatever happened to unity?
It's like that, and that's the way it is Disillusion is the word
That's used by me when I'm not heard
I just go through life with my glasses blurred
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Huh! You can see a lot in this lifespan
Like a bum eating out of a garbage can
You noticed one time he was your man
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is You should have gone to school, you could've learned a trade
But you laid in the bed where the bums have laid
Now all the time you're crying that you're underpaid
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
Huh! One thing I know is that life is short
So listen up homeboy, give this a thought
The next time someone's teaching why don't you get taught?
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is If you really think about it times aren't that bad
The one that flexes with successes will make you glad
Stop playing start praying, you won't be sad
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
Huh! When you feel you fail sometimes it hurts
For a meaning in life is why you search
Take the bus or the train, drive to school or the church
It's like that, and that's the way it is Here's another point in life you should not miss
Do not be a fool who's prejudiced
Because we're all written down on the same list
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
Huh! You know it's like that, and that's the way it is
Because it's like that, and that's the way it is
[Repeat these lines til fade] Now there's a backseat lover
That's always under cover
And I talk 'til my daddy say
Said, "You ain't seen nothin'
'Til you're down on her muffin"
And there's sure to be a change in ways Now there's a cheer leader
That's a real big pleaser
As far as I can reminisce
But the best thing love it
Was her sister and her cousin
And it started with a little kiss, like this She starts swingin'
With the boys in tune
And her feet just fly up in the air
Singin' hey diddle diddle with a kitty in the middle
And they swingin' like it just don't care So I took a big chance
At the high school dance
With a lady who was ready to play
It wasn't me she was foolin'
'Cause she knew what was she was doin'
When she told me how to walk this way She told me to
Walk this way
Talk this way
Walk this way
Talk this way She told me to
Walk this way
Talk this way
Walk this way
Talk this way
Well just gimme a kiss
Well like this
Like this School girl sleazy
With a classy kind of sassy
Little skirt hangin' way up her knee
It was three young ladies
In the school gym locker
And they find they were lookin' D I was high school loser
Never made it with a lady
'Til a boy told me somethin' I missed
That my next door neighbor
Had a daughter had a favor
And I gave the girl just a little kiss, like this She starts swingin' with the boys in the school
With her feet flyin' up in the air
Singing hey diddle diddle with a kitty in the middle
I was swingin' like I didn't care So I took a big chance at the high school dance
With a miss who was ready to play
Wasn't me she was foolin' cause she knew what she was doin'
When she told me how to walk this way She told me to
Walk this way
Talk this way
Walk this way
Talk this way She told me to
Walk this way
Talk this way
Walk this way
Talk this way
Well just gimme a hand
No no no no no no no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Well like this [DMC]
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
I gotta come to your rings, cause I'm so high
That even you and R. Kelly believe I can fly
Selling jammies when them Grammy rappers chanting and cheering
Selling more than all of y'all without a record in years
My catalog got a long list of hits in the stores
And for you sample-happy suckers out there breaking the laws
Rather hit you where it gets you, bring you up on a charge
You'd be better just to let a lawyer know from the start
The King of Rock, who?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, what?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, who?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, what?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
[DJ Rev. Run]
Well rock a rhyme for me, then a rhyme for you
And everybody catch the Boogaloo Blues
[DMC]
D-Generation X, and you know what's next
[DJ Rev. Run]
The vibration flexed up upon your set
This is my steez, MCs, and these are my days
I bring my homeys, suckers know me from back in the day
It's DJ Run, y'all, and this is how I get down
D-Generation X, coming to your town
[DMC]
The King of Rock, who?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, what?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, who?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, what?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, who?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, what?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, who?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, what?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
The King of Rock, who?
The King of Rock, what?
An apple to a peach, and a cherry to a plumb
We won't stop rocking till you all get some
The seed to the apple and the apple to the core
We are the two with the rhymes galore
The ball to the bounce, the bounce to the ball
This is the crew, we're gonna rock you all
D-Generation X coming to your town
And if you get in our way, we gonna chop you down
The King of Rock, who?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, what?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, who?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, what?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock who?
The King of Rock what?
The King of Rock who?
The King of Rock what?
The King of Rock, who?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge
The King of Rock, what?
That be my hobby and job
And when I come and bring the ruckus
suckers duck and then dodge (RUN)
A whole lot of superstars, on this stage her tonight
But I want y'all to know one thing-this is... (DMC) My house
and when I say who's house, y'all know what time it is.
Whose house?
Run's house! (RUN)
Ah, once again my firend
Not a trend but then
They said rap was crap
But never had this band
Till the ruler came
With a cooler name
Make ya dance and prance and drove the fans insane
Name is Run, my son
Number one for fun
Not a gun that's done and get done by none
The other act in fact ya just wack I kill
(DMC) Why?
(RUN) Because it's fun my son and Run heads the bill! Whose house?
Run's house!
Whose house?
Run's house! I'm in the house y'all
I'm in the house y'all
And this is how a DMC will turn it out y'all
I'm in the house y'all
I'm in the house y'all
And this is what a DMC be about y'all Well my name is DMC,
The all-time great
I bust the most rhymes in New York state
Reporters Clock
Producers jock
They want to be down with the king!
The wanted man from the wanted clan
Wanted by every fan from across the land
Not a G.A.N.G off the street
R. and U.N. D.M.C complete! Whose house?
Run's house!
Whose house?
Run's house! (DMC) Get on the mic and (emcee)
(RUN)
The amount time I take
For the rhyme I make
Make me mad and sad because the fad is fake
See I do this thing so come pursue this king
One minor rhyme is all you can swing
'Cus I'm the best I'm def
Ask the rest they left
That's my name, my game and we don't need the ref
You get the boos you lose- you suck, the clue's your mouth
I set a trap for rap thats crap
It's Run's house! Whose house?
Run's house!
Whose house?
Run's house! Some underestimate and miscalculate
My intent to create what I call the great
Till I make a song that I prove 'em wrong
See my song so strong it make 'em come along
Come in the door
Get on the floor
Hard rock, hard hitting hip-hop hardcore
Causing casualties and catastrophes
And tragedies for the suck emcees
Use a strategy to get the best of me
You dirty rat emcees
Whoever you may be
You need to go down south
You need to shut your mouth
It's all about no doubt just shout 'cus we turn it out! Whose house?
Run's house!
Whose house?
Run's house! Now Peter Piper picked peppers, but Run rocked rhymes
Humpty Dumpty fell down, that's his hard time
Jack B. Nimble was nimble, and he was quick,
but Jam Master cut faster, Jack's on Jay's dick
Now little Bo Peep cold lost her sheep
and Rip van Winkle fell the hell asleep
And Alice chillin' somewhere in Wonderland
Jack's serving Jill a bucket in his hand
And Jam Master Jay's making out our sound,
the turntables might wobble but they won't fall down Now Dr. Seuss and Mother Goose both did their thing
but Jam Master's gettin' loose and DMC's the king
Cause he's the adult entertainer, child educator
Jam Master Jay, king of the crossfader
He's the better of the best, best believe he's the baddest
Perfect timin' when I'm climbin', I'm a rhymin' apparatus
Lotta guts, when he cuts, girls move their butts
His name is Jay, hear the play, he must be nuts
And on the mix, real quick, and I'd like to say
he's not Flash, but he's fast and his name is Jay It goes a one, two, three and... Jay's like King Midas, as I was told
everything that he touched would turn to gold
He's the greatest of the great, get it straight he's great
Claim fame cause his name is known in every state
His name is Jay to see him play will make you say:
"God damn, that DJ made my day"
Like the butcher, the baker, the candlestick maker
he's a maker, a breaker, and a title taker
Like the little old lady who lived in a shoe
If cuts were kids, he would beat you
I'm not lying, y'all, he's the best I know
and if I lie, my nose will grow
like the little wooden boy named Pinocchio
and you all know how the story goes
Tricks are for kids he plays much gigs
He's the big bad wolf and you're the three pigs
He's the big bad wolf in your neighborhood
not bad meaning bad, but bad meaning good There it is... We're Run-DMC, got a beef to settle
D's not Hansel, he's not Gretel
Jay's a winner, not a beginner
His pocket gets fat while others get thinner
J-J-Jump on Jay like cows jump moons
People chase Jay like dish and spoon
and like all fairy tales end
you'll see Jay again my friend One day when I was chillin' in Kentucky Fried Chicken
Just mindin' my business, eatin' food and finger lickin'
This dude walked in lookin' strange and kind of funny
Went up to the front with a menu and his money
He didn't walk straight, kind of side to side
He asked this old lady, "Yo, yo, um, is this Kentucky Fried?"
The lady said "Yeah" smiled, and he smiled back
He gave a quarter and his order, Small Fries, Big Mac! You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin' Today you won a ticket to see Doctor J
Front row seat, in free, no pay
Radio in hand, snacks by feet
Game's about to start
You kickin' popcorn to the beat
You finally wake up, Doc's gone to town
'Round his back, through the hoop
Then you scream "Touchdown" You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin' The other day around the way I seen you illin' at a party
Drunk as skunk you illin' punk and in your left hand was Bacardi
You went up to this fly girl and said "Yo, yo, can I get this dance?"
She smelt your breath and then she left you standin' in your illin' stance You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin' For dinner, you ate it, there is none left
It was salty, with butter and it was def
You proceeded to eat it 'cause you was in the mood
But Holmes you did not read, it was a can of dog food You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin' You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin' You be illin', ill-illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin', illin', ill-illin'
You be illin', illin', ill-ill-ill-illin' Illin'
Illin'
Ill-Illin' [Run]
Run. (Run.) D. (D) M. (M) C. (C)
Rock. (rock. rock.)
For you! (for you. for you.)
Fresh (fresh. fresh.) [guitar solo] [Run]
For all you sucker MC's perpetratin a FRAUD
Your rhymes are cold wack and keep the crowd cold lost
You're the kind of guy that girl ignored
I'm drivin Caddy, you fixin a FORD
My name is Joseph Simmons but my middle name's Lord
and when I'm rockin on the mic, you should all applaud
Because we're (wheelin, dealin, we got a funny feelin)
We rock from the floor up the ceilin
We groove it (you move it) it has been proven
We calmed the seven seas because our music is SOOTHIN
We create it (relate it) and often demonstrate it
We'll diss a sucker MC make the other suckers hate it
We're rising (suprising) and often hypnotizing
We always tell the truth and then we never slip no lies in
No curls (no braids) peasy-head and still get paid
Jam Master cut the record up and down and cross-fade [guitar solo] [Run]
Because the rhymes I say, sharp as a nail
Witty as can be and not for sale
Always funky fresh, could NEVER be stale [D.M.C.]
Took a test to become an MC and didn't fail
I couldn't wait to demonstrate
all the super def rhymes that I create
I'm a wizard of a word, that's what you heard
And anything else is quite absurd
I'm the master of a mic, that's what I say
And if I didn't say that, you'd say it anyway [Run]
Bust into the party, come in the place
See the first things come, the music in your face
Tears down the walls, some of the floor
with the DJ named Jay with the cuts galore [D.M.C.]
So listen to this because it can't be missed
and you can't leave til you're dismissed
You can do anything that you want to
but you can't leave until we're through
So relax your BODY and your mind
and listen to us say this rhyme - HEY
You might think that you have WAITED
long enough til the rhyme was STATED
But if it were a test it would be GRADED
with a grade that's not DEBATED
Nothing too deep and nothing dense
and all our rhymes make a lot of SENSE [Run-D.M.C.]
So move your butt, to the cut
Run amuk, you're not in a rut
Each and everybody out there, we got the notion [D.M.C.]
We want to see y'all all in motion [Run-D.M.C.]
Just SHAKE, WIGGLE jump up and down
Move your body to the funky sound [D.M.C.]
Side to side, back and forth [Run-D.M.C.]
We're the two MC's, and we're gonna go off
Stand in place, walk or RUN
Tap your feet, you'll be on the one [D.M.C.]
Just snap your fingers and clap your hands [Run-D.M.C.]
Our DJ's better than all these bands
HUH! [Jam Master Jay cuts then instrumental breaks down] [Run] We got all the lines
[DMC] and all the rhymes
[Run] We don't drop dimes
[DMC] and we don't do crimes
[Run] We bake a little cake with Duncan Hines
[DMC] and never wear the vest they call the Calvin Kleins
[Run] Cause Calvin Klein's no friend of mine
Don't want nobody's name on my behind
Lee on my legs, sneakers on my feet
D by my side and Jay with the beat [Run-D.M.C. (ad libbing to fade)]
Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay.
We don't. we don't. we don't stop!
Don't. don't. don't. don't stop! (JAY!)
One. two. three.
Hollis Crew. crew. crew.
For. for. for. for the love now.
Cool T now.
Hah,? .
My, my man Jam Master.
is in his place to be. (JAY! Jay. Jay. Jay.)
The big beat blaster.
? .
All, the way live.
Re, remember you don't stop.
Kickin it, and you don't stop.
Rrrrrrrrrock, d-dot, d-dot, rock the spot.
Stick em. and you don't stop, hah.
Run. rocks it well, we-welle-well.
a-with the clientele.
Krush Groove.
Young ladies in the place.
We, we we're, we we're we're, we we're we're (bass)
We we're in the hottest space.
Hah.?
Homeboys.
Now we're talkin autographs.
Autographs. and autographs.
Fly girls. in the place, in the place.
Homeboys.
Hollis Crew. [music fades] I'm the king of rock, there is none higher
Sucker MC's should call me sire
To burn my kingdom, you must use fire
I won't stop rockin' till I retire Now we rock the party and come correct
Our cuts are on time and rhymes connect
Got the right to vote and will elect
And other rappers can't stand us, but give us respect They called us and said we're gettin iller
There's no one chiller
It's not Michael Jackson and this is not Thriller
As one def rapper, I know I can hang
I'm Run from Run-DMC, like Kool from Kool and the Gang
Roll to the rock, rock to the roll
DMC stands for devestating mic control
You can't touch me with a ten foot pole
And I even made the devil sell me his soul Now we crash through walls, cut through floors
Bust through ceilings and knock down doors
And when we're on the tape, we're fresh out the box
You can hear our sound for blocks and blocks
For every living person we're a purple treat
It's me and DMC, Jay where's the beat? Now we're the baddest of the bad, the coolest of the cool
I'm DMC, I rock and roll. I'm DJ Run, I rock and rule
It's not a Trick or Treat and it's not a April Fool
It's all brand new, never ever old school You got the music in your body and you can't comprehend
When your mind won't wiggle and your knees will bend
Music ain't nothin but a people's jam
It's DJ Run-DMC rockin without a band Now I walked on ice and never fell
I spent my time in a plush hotel
I stood on many stages, held many mics
Take airplane flights, at huge heights
So all you sucker MC's, you gotta say please
Cause when he jumps high, I'm pulling down weeds
Got a song so strong, it's knocking down trees
Is it hard to believe it's Run-DMC I am from, around the way
And Run goes to school, every day
And Jay plays the records he has to play
And we get down with no delay, HEY!
I rock the party with the words I speak
And Run says the rhymes that are unique
And Jay cuts the records every day of the week
And we are the crew that can never be beat
So don't try to diss me, try to be my friend
Cause if you do, you'll get yours in the end
The rhymes we say, shall set a trend
Because a devestating rap is what we send Every jam we play, we break two needles
There's three of us but we're not the Beatles
My name is Darryl, you can call him D
You can call me Darryl Mack, or you can call him DMC
People always ask, "DMC, what does it mean?"
D's for never dirty, MC for mostly clean Like we said before, we rock hardcore
I'm DJ Run, I can scratch. I'm DMC, I can draw
And now we got the knack, to attract
Our rhyme's an aphrodisiac
We'll reign on your brain and rock your knot
When it comes to rock, give it all we got
To be MC's, we got what it takes
Let the poppers pop and the breakers break
We're cool cool cats, it's like that
That's the way it is, so stay the hell back
We're causin hard times, for sucker MC's
Cause they don't make no songs like these
PERIOD! It was December 24th on Hollis Ave in the dark
When I seen a man chilling with his dog in the park
I approached very slowly with my heart full of fear
Looked at his dog, oh my God, an ill reindeer
But then I was illin because the man had a beard
And a bag full of goodies, 12 o'clock had neared
So I turned my head a second and the man had gone
But he left his driver's wallet smack dead on the lawn
I picket the wallet up then I took a pause
Took out the license and it cold said "Santa Claus"
A million dollars in it, cold hundreds of G's
Enough to buy a boat and matching car with ease
But I'd never steal from Santa, cause that ain't right
So I'm going home to mail it back to him that night
But when I got home I bugged, cause under the tree
Was a letter from Santa and all the dough was for me D.M.C.: It's Christmas time in Hollis Queens
Mom's cooking chicken and collard greens
Rice and stuffing, macaroni and cheese
And Santa put gifts under Christmas trees
Decorate the house with lights at night
Snow's on the ground, snow white so bright
In the fireplace is the yule log
Beneath the mistle toe as we drink egg nog
The rhymes you hear are the rhymes of Darryl's
But each and every year we bust Chrsitmas carrols
(Christmas melodies) Run-D.M.C.: Rhymes so loud and prod you hear it
It's Christmas time and we got the spirit
Jack Frost chillin, the orchas out?
And that's what Christmas is all about
The time is now, the place is here
And the whole wide world is filled with cheer D.M.C.: My name's D.M.C. with the mic in my hand
And I'm chilling and coolin just like a snowman
So open your eyes, lend us an ear
We want to say Run-D.M.C.: Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Mary, Mary...Why ya buggin?
Mary, Mary...I need ya huggin Had a fly girl Flo, called her honey
Next thing she spent up all my money
?? debt, you and your girl's dizzy
Stopped movin crack but you're still gettin pissy
You could call me everyday God sent
like you was Lois Lane and I was Clark Kent
I spend and I spend and you spent and you spent
Now my house with a mouse is a roach with a tent Mary, Mary...Why ya buggin?
Mary, Mary...I need ya huggin Mary Mary Mary you cold thumb suckin
Lookin for you, but you keep duckin
I wanna find you, I gotta tell you somethin
So just be quiet and don't say NUTTIN
Mary Mary Mary why you out there stuntin?
Supposed to be with me, but not you're FRONTIN
We started out new, you used to be true
Now you're buggin, what's wrong with you? Mary, Mary...Why ya buggin?
Mary, Mary...I need ya huggin Now..
This girl Mary I knew so well
I met her on the road in a fly hotel
High on the heels and never failed
(Clubs and the pubs is where she dwelled)
Story about Mary was well to tell
She seemed to scheme for a dream to sell
She spent a night locked in a cell
I knew Mary well cause she Raising Hell Mary, Mary...Why ya buggin?
Mary, Mary...I need ya huggin It's not Mary who was quite - contrary
Talkin bout Mary who was always in a - hurry
The things she needed were necessary
She did not need, a busted cherry
True and blue just like a blueberry
Ask if she's crazy and I'll say very
Livin in a house that's out on the prairie
I worry about Mary cause Mary is scary! Mary, Mary...Why ya buggin?
Mary, Mary...I need ya huggin Mary, Mary...Why ya buggin?
Mary, Mary...I need ya huggin Mary, Mary...Why ya buggin? 
 (Run)
Two years ago, a friend of mine
Asked me to say some MC rhymes
So I said this rhyme I'm about to say
The rhyme was Def a-then it went this way
Took a test to become an MC
And Orange Krush became amazed at me
So Larry put me inside, his Cad-illac
The chaffeur drove off and we never came back
Dave cut the record down to the bone
And now they got me rockin on the microphone
And then we talkin autograph, and here's the laugh
Champagne caviar, and bubble bath
But see ahh, ah that's the life, ah that I lead
And you sucker MC's is who I please
So take that and move back catch a heart attack
Because there's nothin in the world, that Run'll ever lack
I cold chill at a party in a b-boy stance
And rock on the mic and make the girls wanna dance
Fly like a Dove, that come from up above
I'm rockin on the mic and you can call me Run-Love I got a big long Caddy not like a Seville
And written right on the side it reads 'Dressed to Kill'
So if you see me cruisin girls just a-move or step aside
There ain't enough room to fit you all in my ride
it's on a, ah first come, first serve basis
Coolin out girl, take you to the def places
One of a kind and for your people's delight
And for you sucker MC, you just ain't right
Because you're bitin all your life, you're cheatin on your wife
You're walkin round town like a hoodlum with a knife
You're hangin on the ave, chillin with the crew
And everybody know what you've been through Ah with the one two three, three to two one
My man Larry Larr, my name DJ Run
We do it in the place with the highs and the bass 
I'm rockin to the rhythm won't you watch it on my face
Go Uptown and come down to the ground
You sucker MC's, you bad face clown
You five dollar boy and I'm a million dollar man
Youse a sucker MC, and you're my fan
You try to bite lines, but rhymes are mine
Youse a sucker MC in a pair of Calvin Klein
Comin from the wackest, part of town
Tryin to rap up but you can't get down
You don't even know your english, your verb or noun
You're just a sucker MC you sad face clown
So D.M.C. and if you're ready
The people rockin steady
You're drivin big cars get your gas from Getti (D.M.C.)
I'm D.M.C. in the place to be
I go to St. John's University
And since kinde-garten I acquired the knowledge
And after 12th grade I went straight to college
I'm light skinned, I live in Queens
And I love eatin chicken and collard greens
I dress to kill, I love the style
I'm an MC you know who's versatile
Say I got good credit in your regards
Got my name not numbers on my credit cards
I go Uptown, I come back home
with who me myself and my microphone
All my rhymes are sweet delight
So here's another one for y'all to bite
When I rhyme, I never quit
And if I got a new rhyme I'll just say it
Cause it takes a lot, to entertain
And sucker MC's can be a pain
You can't rock a party with the hip in hop
You gotta let em know you'll never stop
The rhymes have to make (a lot of sense)
You got to know where to start (when the beats commence.) Afros... yeahhh
AFROS! Yeahhh
Brothers be out there doin crack... NOOOOOOO
They be doin dope... NOOOOOOO
They be gangbangin! NOOOOOOO
All them brothers need to just
pause Yeah I'm with that
Here comes the Afros, and the forty ounce crew
Who say slowly but surely, we gonna turn the mother out
We got more, in store, young ladies on the floor, so cool out
pause Intro, which means I start it
In other words, herbs departed
Pause, stop for the cause
Get up, get down, you get yours
Chill, no time to get ill
Word to herb -- yeah it's the will of God
So whassup Hobbes?
Just jock, clock, rock, and don't stop but
Pause Pause, pause for the cause, get yours
But don't break laws
Quit, quit it, forget it
Pause, say your way with it
Pause, if you did it, admit it
Cause, you shouldn'ta did it
Next time, you think of doin a crime
Pause, and remember this rhyme Pause for the cause, cause broken laws
Are just like broken jaws
They take a long time to heal
I'm for real, and I know the deal
Look it over, investigate
Evaluate, think!
Life is wrong, and full of flaws
Before you break laws just pause! I think that worked man (4X) Pause
Yeah pause, this beat is dope D
I'm tellin you, this beat is dope, just slammin, it's dope Well if it's dope, I hope it's not crack
or coke, or nuttin like somethin you EVER smoke
And if they offer you some say NO
or pause
The reason I wrote this rhyme, is not to climb
But just to tell all mankind
That the use and abuse of drugs -- will what?
Will, blow, your, mind Like dough makes bread, it goes straight to your head
You're misled and then you're dead
Now that's not fly, when you die
On a high
Like a trip, oooh, you make me sick
Ill, lookin like doo doo on a stick
You don't have to be a vic
Life is like a flick, so pause Pause, p-pause, pause, p-p-pause Alright y'all, now that you understand
My man Run never ran
I'm gonna take this mic yo my hand
And hand this to the one man band Now pause, now pause I'm Jay, I make up the trey
Now check out the dance that I display
It's called the pause
A new thing, on the dancefloor
First you move, then you stop
Combine the hustle, foxtrot, pop and lock
Put em all together why because
It's called the pause Slammin, the dance is slammin
Pause, the people are jammin
Stop again, back to the groove
I show you how to move
pause
It's simple, just like stop and go
You can pause on the fast or slow
Participate, won't you all get down
Here's a solo from my homeboy Stanley Brown Ahh yeah, I like this R&B; shit...
Pause, pause, one more time!
Yeah, do that, do that...
Now pause! (Wake up), (wake up)
(Get up)
(Wake up), (wake up)
(Get up)
(Wake up) When I woke up this morning and got out the bed
I had some really fresh thoughts going through my head
they were thoughts that came from a wonderful dream
it was the vision of a world working as a team it was a dream (get up)
just a dream (wake up), (wake up), (get up) There were no guns, no what
no tanks, no what, atomic bombs
and to be frank homeboy there were no arms
just people, working hand in hand
there was a feeling of peace all across the land it was a dream (wake up)
just a dream (get up), (wake up), (wake up) Between all countries there were good releations
there finally was a meeting to united nations
and everybody had an occupation
'cause we all worked together to fight starvation it was a dream (wake up)
just a dream (wake up), (get up) Everyone was treated on an equal basis
no matter what colors, religions or races
we weren't afraight to show our faces
it was cool to chill in foreign places it was a dream (get up)
just a dream (wake up), (wake up), (get up)
(wake up), (wake up), (get up), (wake up) All cities of the world were renovated
and the people all chilled and celebrated
they were all so happy and elated
to live in the world that they created it was a dream (get up)
just a dream (wake up), (wake up), (get up) There were no street people, we live rent free
and every single person had a place to be
a job, a home and the perfect pay
and the world was free of greed and hate it was a dream (wake up)
just a dream (get up), (wake up), (wake up) Unemployment was at a record low
and the presidents were chillin at our show
listening to the things that we had to say
and trying to create a new and brighter day it was a dream (wake up)
just a dream (wake up)
it was a dream (get up)
just a dream (wake up)
it was a dream (wake up)
just a dream (get up)
it was dream (wake up)
just a dream (wake up)
(get up), (wake up), (wake up)
(get up), (wake up), (wake up)
(get up), (wake up), (wake up)
(get up), (wake up), (wake up) Reporters cry, producers die,
They wanna be down with the Kiiiiing!
The King, the King,
The King, the King, King,
The King, the King,
The King, the King, King,
The King, the King, King,
The King, the King, Producers die, they wanna be down,
Wanna be down with the Kiiiiing! (Run)
Down with the King for years, about ten of 'em
Recruitin' suckers, Mac and Mike, and makin' men of 'em
Tears and fears for my peers, they rippin'
You think that it is, it is, if not it isn't
Race for the border my daughter, 'cause beats you're bangin' out
Jeeps rockin' beats in the streets when there's time for hangin' out
Gather, or rather form a circle around a loud
'cause brothers or others could never ever rock a crowd
Is it because he's runnin' off with the mouth
or was he really clearly tryin' to play a nigga out
Nope, shut him down, the King with a crown
'cause all you wanna be is dicky down (C.L. Smooth)
Two years ago, a friend of mine
Asked me to say some MC rhymes
So I said this rhyme I'm about to say
The rhyme was 'Mecca' and it went this way
Wrecka lecka mecca mic check on the windmill skill
Mac distracts, wearing Godfather hats
It's okay to parlay to fortee better
Tell 'em my nigga made a sweater tougher than leather
Swing another Rodney King thing in our right
but just like the white one I get no respect
Money stay awake, 'cause them other niggas are fake
from Hollis to the Becon, now your dumb ass is leakin'
C.L. and Run DMC so rush it
Big time way before Hammer got to touch it
Remember the faces, in all types of places
Look Ma, no shoelaces
And I'm... You wanna be,
You wanna be,
You wanna be,
Check it!
I'm takin' the tours, I'm wreckin' the land
I keep it hardcore because it's dope man
These are the roughest toughest words I ever wrote down
Not meant for a hoe like a slow jam, check it
Sucka emcees could never swing with D
Because of all the things that I bring with me
Only G-O-D could be a King to me
And if the G-O-D be in me, then a King I be
The microphone is granted when it's handed to me
I was planted on this planet and I plan to emcee
The emcee fiends only seem to agree
That I rock all the world and the society
I rages on the stages with a tune of
I get praises from these pages to the universe
My voice is raw, my lyrics is law
I keep it hardcore like you never saw
You be wanna be! You wanna be...
You wanna be...
You know you wanna be...
You wanna be...
You wanna be...
You wanna be...
You know you wanna be...
You wanna be...
You wanna be C.L. Smooth,
Pete Rock,
One time. (Pete Rock)
I'm the man you see, in the place to be
I went to John Jay University
And since kindergarten I acquired the knowledge
and after twelve grade I went straight to college
Down with the Kings on the mic, a full swinger
The P to the R, not an R&B; singer
The R to the U-N-D-MC'n
The fly human beings, tonight I hold the key and
Flowin' with the funk track, here to soul brother black
pick up the bass, better yet leave a space
So let me put my big black twinkie on in to the early mornin'
Had skins yawnin'
Mecca? (Yo!)
You want the mecca? (Yo!)
I'll make a funky beat so we can blow, check it out
Pete Rock's the beat knock, put you in a headlock
and now all the outty out flock is down with the king Check this out
One, two three, in the place to be And this is sugar Ray and Run DMC, here we go
DMC and DJ Run Dum diddi dum diddi diddi dum dum
We're rocking on the mic and then you know where we're from
Dum diddi dum diddi diddi dum dum
We hope y'all ready for the big beat drum
Drum diddi dum diddi diddi drum drum
So people in the place hear the big beat drum
Here he come, here he come, here he kitty come come Cool chief rocker, don't drink further
Used to keep chiffon inside my locker
Used to get toed down, now I slow down
Hold the flow down from mo town to yo town
I be the MC the ripper knight lead
They said to me, luck it might be slightly
But if it's luck, then I'm the luckiest you know
I'm running this keep on rock yo, here we go And the history of the soul
And this be going on and on
Since the days of rock n' roll
Purple hair hip hop and soul, here we go
Here we go yeah, here we go now
Yeah, DJ Run: Rhymes so def, rhymes rhymes galore
Rhymes that you've never even heard before
Say you've heard my rhymes, we're gonna have to fight
Cause I just made the hot shut up last night
That's right I'm rhyming tight to catch on the block
Took it to new heights look at Kid Rock y'all
I eat the rock crock, to put y'all on
To have a Limp Bizkit in a piece of corn Dum diddi dum diddi diddi dum dum
We're rocking on the mic and then you know where we're from
Dum diddi dum diddi diddi dum dum
We hope y'all ready for the big beat drum
Drum diddi drum diddi diddi drum drum
So people in the place hear the big beat drum
Here he come, here he come, here he kitty come come Devastated mic controller
The word wizard and the chief rock puller
Bad beat boy made for the beat girls
Rock through the rhymes as the turntable swirls
Supreme people who was born to talk
And over any recorded rap king we'll mix all
These are the kings from around the way:
Run, DMC, and Jam Master Jay And the history of the soul
And this be going on and on
Since the days of rock n' roll
Purple hair hip hop and soul, here we go
Here we go yeah, here we go now
Yeah, DJ Run: Aiyyo Jay yo Jay, check this out
I was born
Son of Byford, brother of Al
Bad as my mamma and Run's, my pal
These rhymes are Darryl's, those burgers are RONALD'S
I ran down, my family tree
My mother, my father, my brother and D
Huh.
Oh, y'all on that tip now huh? Run Dmc
Crown Royal
Ay Papi Got senoritas in Adidas over in Spain
The Don of San Juan got 'em goin insane
Got chicks in Spanish Harlem holdin they brain
In Sao Paolo they follow, doin the same
Admiration for Run since "Sucker M.C.'s"
Papi bilingual, sell a single with ease
Y'all think that I'm done, Run don't got no flow?
What is you loco? I'm grande gato pa-po
Run and Bo, D.M.C. and Fat Joe
Fo' cats on the same track got dough
Us cuatro, lock flow, you don't know?
From New York City to Puerto Rico (whoa) Ay papi, tu sabe, yo tengo (??)
You got my fire burnin.
Ay papi, tu sabe, yo tengo (??)
You got my fire burnin. Uhh, uhh
What's goin on black? Goin platinum and beyond that
Layin down the format, sippin on that Cognac
Where the Don at?
I'm at Hollis with the kings payin homage to the things
they accomplished in they teens and I never stop throwin them flings
Control of the game, I'm right here over the rain
A human pot of gold, I already had a lot of flow
Ready to rock steady with Run and make a lot of dough You might tell from the way I talk
that sucker MC's is who I stalk
Create in a rhyme that is in formation
Or why I made such a rap creation
That is bound, to be reknowned
within this city as a funky sound
And to those that try to put me down
My DJ has jams, by the pound (c'mon, let's go) Skaggs Nit'
Aiyyo I rolled up, in the spot that I rolled up
My ice glitter like hold up
All the chickens like, "Look at Bo, he done growed up
Thinks he the bomb, bet his beeper stay blowed up"
So much frost on my wrist look my fist froze up
A photographer is tryin to get a little close up
Why cause I'm a star now? Buy out the bar now?
Or I press one button, start up my car now?
I heard that you wanna spar now, so baby it's on
I spit flows, rip shows 'til the day that I'm gone
And this day I hit 'em off I'll have America sewn
Rich plat', rims chrome, spin (?) to your dome
I entered your home, lick you down, strictly to bone
The hit that I'm on got Spanish mamis singin my song GHOSTBUSTERS!
I ain't afraid of no ghosts [x3]
GHOSTBUSTERS!
[Run] Something strange goin on
Something's wrong
[DMC] Gloom in the room
Outside is the storm
All alone in the crib
Watchin the tube
[Run] Yo-o-o-o is that what I think?
Did I see somethin move?
[DMC] Chill down your spine
Your heart fills with fright
Not filled by the things
that GO BUMP IN THE NIGHT
They walk through the walls
With no time to stall
[Run] You call the GHOSTBUSTERS
Well that's who you call!
GHOSTBUSTERS!
We ain't-we ain't-we
We ain't afraid of no ghosts
GHOSTBUSTERS!
We ain't-we ain't-we
We ain't afraid of no ghosts
GHOSTBUSTERS!
We ain't-we ain't-we
We ain't afraid of no ghosts
GHOSTBUSTERS!
[Run] Stop! UHH!
[DMC] Bridge
[Run] Hit it!
I-I ain't, I-I ain't
I ain't afraid of no ghosts
I, I-I ain't afraid
I-I ain't, I-I ain't
I-I-I, I-I-I ain't afraid of no ghosts
GHOSTBUSTERS!
GHOSTBUSTERS!
[Run] All alone on the phone
so whassup with that noise?
The wife's at work and I'm no jerk
and I just left my boys
[?] at school and I'm no fool
and I got no time to waste
So you get up and call, don't trip and fall
Go outside and leave the place
Now it's no dream because you seein
a shadow in the night
But we will come and get it done
so don't worry save your fright
Now there's a group who likes to troop
and you know you can trust us
So don't get nervous cause at your service
the local GHOSTBUSTERS!
I ain't afraid of no ghosts GHOSTBUSTERS!
I ain't afraid of no ghosts
I ain't I ain't afraid of no ghosts [x2]
GHOSTBUSTERS!
[DMC] Aight aight aight
I remember the time, I visited the grave
My life on the line, only my life to save
All by myself, with no one around
Did not understand a hand comin out the ground
I knew it wasn't mine, it was somebody else
But I didn't care G, I just screamed for HELP!
Then - GHOSTBUSTERS - had strapped to their back
Screamin - GHOSTBUSTERS - those 'busters attacked
"We are your friendly neighborhood ghostbusters,"
that's what they said to me
"We are the busters of an?, G-H-O-S-T"
GHOSTBUSTERS!
I ain't-I ain't-I ain't
I ain't afraid of no ghosts
GHOSTBUSTERS!
I ain't-I ain't-I ain't
I ain't afraid of no ghosts
[Run] Howling haunting
[DMC] Scaring screaming
[Run] Ghostly ghosts
[DMC] Ghouling demons!
[Run] Monsters spooks
[DMC] Werewolves and devils
[Run] All those things
[DMC] on the same level
[Run] Nightmares (bad dreams) cannot be beat
It takes a brave man (to stand in defeat)
Must be the bravest (yo, the bravest and most)
You must be able to say, "I ain't afarid of no ghosts"
[DMC] A good sense of humor, is important to have
When a ghost tries to scare you (ha, don't make me laugh)
They be dustin off ghosts, like true ghost-dusters
[both] Go, go, go, go, ghoooooosstbusters!
GHOSTBUSTERS!
[D.M.C.]
Busters, busters!
One time in the house
Peace to everybody out there
We love ya, peace
I AIN'T AFRAID OF NO GHOST [D.M.C.]
Born to rock around the clock
You can't say I'm not
And in case you forgot
I'm the KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING, of ROCK! I'm the devestating mic controller D.M.C.
And can't nobody mess around with me
I'm the king of rock, rap, and a rhyme
I deal what I feel and it feels fine
If the girl's? chase then I will play
around with sound put down for the rhymes I say
Beats flow from Joe and never stop
Better get yourself together let's rock, HIT IT RUN! [beatboxing] [D.M.C.]
You, jump, watch you clock, while I rock your spot
I'm better known to the world as the King of Rock
I like to speak my piece when I'm on the mic
I'm the best, or at least, I'm the one you like
And when I serve you deserve to hear what I say
I throw a curve he got the nerve to make a triple play
Now how devestating can an MC be?
My name is Darryl, but you can call me D, HIT IT RUN! [beatboxing] [D.M.C.]
It's called, gangsta hard rock, non-stop hip-hop
And it's headed for the top by the rhymes I pop
For every race place color country county or creed
and all of the places that I emceed
B-Boy badness to the highest degree
And it can't b-a-boy unless you be D
You can't bust a cherry or crush a grape
and if you ain't got this tape you're in bad shape
Beats flow from Joe and never stop
Better get yourself together, let's ROCK! [beatboxing] [D.M.C.]
Do. you. really believe what's going on
I was conceived and I was born
I once was lost but now I'm found
Tell your bunch I'm boss I run this town
I leave all suckers, in the dust
Those dumb motherfuckers can't mess with us
Beats flow from Joe and never stop
Better get yourself together, let's rock, HIT IT RUN! [beatboxing] [D.M.C.]
I. was. straight from the start performin art
Climbin up the chart while others fall apart
The three outlaws in the music trade
We won't rob but our job is to get paid
Cause Run has fun if Jay will play
As I add one more rhyme to say
Now how devestating can an MC be?
My name is Darryl, but you can call me D, HIT IT RUN! [beatboxing] [D.M.C.]
I was born
son of Byford, brother of AL
Bad as my mamma and Run's my pal
It's McDaniels, not McDonald's
These rhymes are Darryl's, the burgers are RONALD'S
I ran down, my family tree
My mother, my father, my brother and D
Run-D.M.C. and JAM MASTER JAY Back, back, back with the boom, so give a nigga room
Came with the fame with my name came a tune
The King of Rock, there is none higher
God?? with Madonna not melodic like Mariah,
Carey, when Larry put me in his Caddy I made my album
I rock the funky beat like Marky Mark be rockin Calvin,
Klein's, no friend of mine, I told you Pryor,
Richard, switch it all around now you admire
"My Adidas" was a hit in eighty-six it made me dollars
Stompin straight through Compton niggaz there was screamin, "HOLLIS!"
Back to the top, you're bout to get dropped
Go for what you know or ride the bo' and get stopped
My man Darryl Mack, dressed in all black
I pass the mic to D (and D.M.C.'ll pass it back)
Rappers won't be dissin after this rap song
Cause they sing like Rodney King, "Can't we all just get along?" From a harder core, I'm kickin the raw
I wreck it on tour, I'm breakin your jaw
This is what Run-D.M.C.'ll be about y'all
I make the party people want to scream and shout y'all
I'm just a b-boy, so watch me destroy
You best believe in you're receivin D.M.C. boy
I used to explode, I never let go
I let the tec go back because I said so
Yeah I'm a hoodlum, but I'm a good one
So punks gunnin for my run I wish they would come
So back up, Mr. Softy cause you're not hard
You're never comin off because I got God
Just?? and get a beat down
Never weak kid, I come up with more street sounds
Rhymes galore and soarin 'cross the floor an'
some more is pourin, knockin down your door an' C'mon and jump to the rhythm I give em is what I give em
when I get em I just hit em and split em
and when I split em lit em up like a bulb in the dark
I made you blink you figure out, cause I know you're the mark
I gotta lotta what I gotta, that'll be what I got
So step to me or D.M.C and it'll be in your heart
Now ease up back off the bo-zack, you know that you bite
You think you're doin me or D? Nigga please. (what?) Run D.M.C.
Miscellaneous
Bob Your Head
Bob your head. As we bop on.
to the break of dawn.
the non-stop hip-hop bop.
takes you on down.
to the last, STOP!!"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin."
So won't ya bob your head."ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin."
B-b-ba bob your head."ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin." A freak I find the kind to wine and dine
I freak a blind date, and your fate is to wait in line
at the party. tryin to get a hottie
Cool T and Roddy, D.M.C. and Scottie
Big Kev and Marty, Hurricane and Arty
Phil, Doug, and Naughty - damn, a big party
So I grab the mic, I like, recite, the hype
and type, and write, with my.
freak it 'fore the niggy night is done
for Ricky-Run to get dumb and then some
So while you're here, it's clear to every per-son
ah that you need to bob get involved
and weave with ease and please the steez with G's
Now, just to be at ease
cause this is it, legit, a hit, I throw a fit
Not slackin or lackin a bit, nah that ain't it
So just a bob ya head, like I said, the fresh it
So just a bob ya head."ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin." Bob your head!"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin."
"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin." I make your heads bob, I got you slobbin the knob
So do a good job, why don't ya let me know - HOW YA LIVIN HOBBES?
Whassup wit ya girl? Ya know I like the way your earrings jang
and your booty swing, ah while my beat go
BOOM BOOM - why don't you let me take you to my room
Take off our shoes relax sit on bed and watch the Looney Tunes
But no! You want me take you out and wine and dine you
But I ain't got no time to chase behind and never find you
So be this dope a lethal dose of poisonious potion
Stick to the sound that's up and down now sit ya that's the motion
Buckwild inna style for ya honey child
The organization of bobbin and pacin will make you bob a while
Grab a cutie, Duke her Bootee, bust a?? box
That's my duty, girl please do me, don't try to cockblock
Give nuff respect, I love the sex, again I said.
Here it comes from Run (yo Jay) 'Yo D!' HOE BOB YA HEAD "ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin."
Ah just a bob ya head.
Bob ya head"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin."
Ah just a bob ya head. Well I believe you weave and bob the job is done
by Run so come get some for fun
Keep the force I'm nicky-number one
and I'll scratch my vocord for f-f-fun
And nevertheless I must confess that it's a bless-un
that people are ride and must abide to this direct-ion
I triple it up to let you know that I'm a swift one
Those who oppose get broken nose that's how I live son
I move the head that's what I said, this is my miss-ion
I'm dickin em down and all around, to make the head bob
So bend your neck, give nuff respect to me, dance Hobbes
for this is it, the brand new shit, I'd like to mention
so hurry up because the cut is my inven-tion
The jazz, pizazz, with class, at last
kickin your ass, for the past
three and a half minutes, you been in it to win it
So you defin-in-it.-itely need to bob your head And I say!
I'd like to give a shout out to the Hollis Crew, in there!
My homeboy D.M.C., he's in there!
To my homeboy Jam Master Jay
and the brothers at JMJ, you know they in there!
To my man Eric Blam, in there!
To my man Grand Wizard Cut Professor DJ Dig, definitely in there!
My name is Run Love and I'm out of here with The Afros
and the 40 Ounce CREW! Tenement buildings, and skyscrapers Are polluted and often invaded
with troubled hearts, and weakened minds
Living their lives and hoping to find
the golden key, to prosperity
Never have a grip on reality
This makes day to day living hard
Trumpin your fate, never peepin the card
You just goin through life without a trace
when the answers you seek are in front of your face Tell 'em D! You're headed for the top, or so you think
But that's not true for you, your life is on the brink
of self-destruction, total corruption
You better get out or die from consumption
Sweat for a dollar, to get nothin back
Cause at the end of the week, you still get taxed
You'd even sell your soul to make your life correct
But with the rate of inflation you should eat your check
So you try to make a hustle, to get ahead
But the only thing you manage is to stay in the red
Coppin from John, to sell to Rex
And your jones for success has put your life in check And you can't see
You need to wear some glasses
like D.M.C.
You're blind! So you think the facts means you can't win
So you devote your time to a life of sin Hangin out late is how you survive
Makin deals, talkin jive, and tellin lies
Pressure beatin you down
Like you're not handlin
And all the while, your mind is ramblin
About bein fly
Or even sly
And bein held low in the public eye
You decide these things but you don't know why
You're standin on a corner cold playin the post
Cause another sucker you were chillin the most Yo you can't see
You need to wear some glasses
like D.M.C. You (Run) round talkin bout what you hate
Livin your life just to perpetrate
You think your style is chill, because you're always cold
with your platform shoes and your fake gold
So you think you're bad
Sheer dynamite
But if you only knew the crew called you freak's delight Wearin the tightest jeans, and shortest skirt
You think you're cold chillin, lookin like a jerk
No matter what you do, come out second rate
Thinkin you're on time but you're already late
You're blind You're blind! And you can't see
You need to wear some glasses
like D.M.C.
You're blind!
And you can't see
You need to wear some glasses
like D.M.C.
You're blind! The moral to the story may not be clear
And the only way to catch it is to lend an ear
Stop frontin so hard
Why don't you peep your card?
And your goals in life may not be far
Because these words I say are meant for you to hear
So if you bust these facts you will persevere And you can't see
You needs to wear some glasses
like D.M.C.
You're blind!
And you can't see
You need to wear some glasses
like D.M.C.
And you can't see
You need to wear some glasses
like D.M.C.
And you can't see
You need to wear some glasses
like D.M.C.
And you can't see
You need to wear some glasses
like D.M.C.
And you can't see
You need to wear some glasses Uh-huh, yeah, what? Yo, yo
Aiyyo I seen Run with the chrome spinnin
Watchin the Knicks in the back of the 6
Pulled up on the side like, "Who's winnin?"
Nigga said, "Me since eighty-three, get it right"
Politely flashed his Roley, then dipped to the light
Next night seen him on stage with some platinum shells
with baguettes on the side that spelled "Raising Hell"
I said, "Run the crowd yell like you paid 'em well"
Then he said to ask Bertha Dell, who the hell?
Oh well - I thought I was done bein impressed
until my man called me up and told me listen to Flex
{"Yo yo yo, turn on Flex"} I ain't know what to do
It was like Run was sunnin everybody but then again the shit was true
MC's must want him gone, hoppin on chrome
sayin they the kings, please, you kept the seat warm
Ain't nobody better than this twenty year veteran
Even as a Reverand, hotter than you ever been
It don't really matter who the hell you are
The fakest of all cats or the biggest of stars (uh-huh)
Tryin to doubt these three, you breakin the law
They the kings, LEAVIN Y'ALL IN AWE, THAT'S REAL PAW Like ahhh, Dunn done did it again
Ahhh, pad done hit the pen
Ahhh, man they droppin gems
Ahhh, the kid's bout stackin the ends Yo, Rev. Run, run the block, swerve the Dat'
Flow is hot, don't need no gun to cock
I'm sick of Vidal, your brother tried to get me to fall
I'm kickin it raw, even in the thick of it all
Run laps around wack cats, I hate DAT's
Since way back, made great tracks, I lace raps
Yo face that, before you catch aluminum bats
from numerous cats with Run-D.M.C. on they hats
You ain't gettin no show 'til your album out
The label don't wanna spend money yo what's THAT about?
No clout, had to settle for a fake amount
While my catalogue bigger than your bank account
No doubt, I'm the greatest all time fo' sho'
Rev. Run comin through and leavin niggaz in awe Yo Run remember that night at the light in the back of the 6?
Yeah I was mad the Knicks lost, I got a new whip
Yeah I see, the Bentley Arnage, with the four doors
What is that, for more horse?
Nah son, for more tours
I see you've been peepin me for quite some time
Yo my bad
Ain't a thing, nigga I noticed you rhyme
Yo what a nigga gotta do to be more like you?
A nigga like me ain't got a clue
First things first I DJ, Run all the rappers
Actors, they want status
But they can't have this
Since "Krush Groove" you been makin them papes
A lot of rap movies been made since but most of them fake
Thanks for the compliment kid, now jump BACK in your car
It's the Reverand leavin niggaz in awe, that's real paw like [Run] Mic checka.
[DMC] Yes y'all, and I am.
the grand, imperial wizard. D.M.C.
And you're listening to the sounds.
as we take you onnnnnn down.
to the lasssssssssssst STOP! Come on everybody, let's all get down K-k-k-coolin (coolin) relaxin and we're coolin
Rulin while we're schoolin?? the teacher who ya foolin?
While in, trainin, your brain and foe are entranced
I talk to tiny tots and just like Watson, "Elementary" Back in eighty-two and three I made the word 'DEF'
Gave life to the mic now you know liggity-left
riggity-right (RIGHT, all that, swinger)
You was crappin in your Pampers now don't tamper with the?? Baddest of the bad, I think of thickness here I come
I get dumb (diddy) dumb (diddy diddy) dumb dumb
(and here we go) Here we go! HERE WE HERE WE HERE WE GO
A lot (of niggaz) bitin (off my) old style flow
But up off the subject, you know I shut em down an'
I think I seen em sinkin matter fact I seen em drownin
(Yo who kicks the flavor?) DJ Run'll keep you guessin
Here's a little tip, it's the Tribe for your Quest'n
Two-seven and I'm representin, comin from HOLLIS
Queens is what I mean, Ma Dukes is cookin COLLARDS
Feelin like??, and matched up sticks
Down With the King, and we swing it on the mix
of a funky funky (new new) b-boy sound
So come on everybody let's all get down Break backs, make tracks, take acts and wax a nigga
that lacks take gats tap at the trigga
D.M.C. you see I got a little bigga
Jam Master Jay a with the zigga-zigga
Produce, bamboost, let loose the sound
No groups or troops could boo me down
I slam and jam, command the land
Don't give a damn they ban, my band will stand
I come to you all knew my crew is true
Do what I do, I do since eighty-two
I got the rhyme, get mine, I got to climb
I won't retire, get higher, I won't resign
I'm here to stay okay won't fade away
I'm movin past the past I last all day
So here we go, I flow, you know the sound
So check the show, and yo, let's all get down . yes yes y'all, a we don't stop [8X] So come on and flip for me, grip and slip into a hipper tone
Not on the dull your skull, cause Run'll rip a dope
snare on the tear, rare you never heard this
This service served you well and I can tell you're gettin nervous
Run, here it come, get some, it's on the diddy-dumb
See a silly soft sucker down there???? of Run
Rowdy then you're audi gotta go don't want to be us
Torn then you're gone, WORD BOND, none can see us
Hop-along on your way, skip-along little Skippy
'fore I fly that box, me bust you all upper-lippy Tribe Called Quest, and you don't stop
The Midnight Marauders, yeah you don't stop
Phife Diggidy, yeah you don't stop
Ali Shaheed, c'mon you don't stop??, yeah you don't stop
Check it on out, because you don't stop
To my niggaz out on Linden, you don't stop
The hardheads in effect, you don't stop
And to my niggaz in Hollis, you don't stop
All the kids up on Farmers, you don't stop
And to my peoples uptown, you don't stop
And all my peoples up in Brooklyn, you don't stop
And all my peoples in the Bronx, you don't stop
Zulu in effect, you don't stop
And to my people out West, you don't stop
A Run-D.M.C., gettin mad props
Check it on out, thanks to Run
and thanks to D, and JMJ
We on the way, up to the top
Never ever stop, gettin mad props, check it out "Then I'm out like shout, ooh-ahh, ooh-ahh
OOH-AHH, OOH-AHH! There it is Baby Pah." -> [Leaders of the New School] [Intro/Chorus: unknown singers]
It's party time, and we came here to party
so get up and move your body, cause it's party time
It's party time, and we came here to party
so get up and move your body, cause it's party time
[Run]
Come inside, the time is fine and I'm
really ready to drop a heavy bassline
on the crowd that's loud and proud the rhyme
is mine and the jam of party time
We're well equipped to flip and trip you out
I never slip but I rip the jam no doubt
So grab a girl? I know you wanna play
The funky jam I never quit until the break of day
Here we go on a Afrolistic journey
Here come the jam but don't forget to bring?
to make sure the beat is upheld
The beat is raw and Run's banged it well
to make it take you to your destination
It's just the jam that slam across the nation
I gotta rock, you know I gotta good rhyme
So grab a girl, and listen to the good times
Now sweat til you're wet and get done
and I'll bet you get some.
heat to release the piece to have fun
So just grab a girl, cause it's party time
[Chorus]
[D.M.C.]
Groove, breathe, wind blowin the leaves
I'm at ease, can you feel the funky sensation
I might take a vacation Reasons to be cheerful, sun shinin, Run rhymin
I'm right behind him
Jay, you know where to find him
Shinin like a diamond, if I'm lyin I'm dyin
{girrrrrrrrrrrls, drive me crazy}
So fine, goin out of my mind
I keep em goin, they sayin, I've got the rhyme
Ooze, cruise, gonna take a cruise
Jing-a-ling-a-ling-a-ling I'm never singin the blues
Afros, studios, doin shows
four-O's I suppose, no one knows
who's rockin the hoes, tell me that
You gotta be (funky)
[Chorus]
[Run]
Now let your body be free
And yeah, go you know
Never slow the flow til it's time to go
Cause that ain't the way you play the crowd
You gotta mingle, single girls allowed
So round em up, get a cutie in the spot
Look at the booty, do me, time to rock
And make all the girls give up the play
Get on the floor and make your day
So you're illin, still it's four o'clock
You won't leave til you see em close the spot
You gotta stay til they play the last song
til the night gives light to the early morn'
Check the place and the taste of the bass is on the case
A negative thought that you brought just erased
Put away the nine and keep in mind
that the jam'll slam when it's party time
[Chorus (repeat with ad libs to fade)] Reggae!
Rrrroots, rap, reggae!
. and we don't stop
It's like that y'all, and then we're ready to play
It's no jive, it's live, and it's reggae
Roots, rap.
My homeboy Jay, don't scratch reg-gae
So listen to Jam Master as the Master start to play
(and when he go) just check the show
(cause they scratchin with the) toe
Rrrroots, rap, reggae!
Stomp your feet, clap your hand
At the microphone is King Yellowman
In Jamaica, I'm the champ-i-on
This is roots, rap, reggae! Ha ha ha, rip it
Roots, rap, reggae!
Hotta. 'otta. 'otta reggae music
'otta. 'otta. 'otta reggae music
'otta. 'otta. 'otta reggae music
I know we know that reggae is sweet
Reggae music is rap to de beat Roots, rap, reggae!
Roots, rap.
Now party people I'm so happy, don't know what to do
Cause I'm an MC with the rhyme, and down with the crew
Rock from Africa to France and the Kalamazoo
And every place that I play, I hear a YAY not a BOO
And now a party not a party and a jam ain't a jam
less D is who he be, and I am who I am
Or Jay is just the DJ cuttin for the two
And it's the three of us, baby and we're doin the do
Five plus five, equal to ten
Everywhere I go I've got a lot of girlfriend
Music is sweet, music is nice
Yellow 'ave about twenty-four wife
It's roots, rap, reggae! Ha ha ha
Roots, rap, reggae!
Don't drink alco-'ol, don't snort cocaine
Reggae music is not so strange
Know de cocaine will 'urt up your brain
This is roots, rap, reggae! Ha HAH!
Roots, rap, reggae! AIIIIYY SIAH!
It's roots, rap, reggae! For they, is the kingdome and the power, and the glory
Forever...
The King's a ruler, the ruler rules [x4]
[Run]
I'm the epitome of royalty, you versus me, it's a joke
I'm a rage, amazing blaze, you cigarette smoke
Your video's number one and that was part of my plan
Went from Rock Box to a whole countdown jam
Took rock music, switched and flipped and made it raw
Anyway you've played it, we've played it before in '84
Every show, a hundred thousand people or more
Famous still give us tours, and we be tryin' not to take em' all
I bake em' all quicker than Sara Lee, come battle me
Imagine that, what a sight that'll be
Front page of the times, I can read the headlines now
Rev Run beat clown down, when tryin' to take his crown
The King's a ruler, the ruler rules [x4]
I'm the reason you started rhyming
I'm the reason rap sales started climbing I'm the King and before I leave your ass gonna learn
Yeah, y'all each wanna burn, wait your turn
Run, I'm a living legend, my suggestion is learn your lesson
I'll leave you stressing, confessing and begging for a blessing
And whatever your impression.it better be,
that we the top pedigree bringing y'all energy since '83
I run this here since way back when
I picked up a pair of adidas, and make y'all wear em' again
If you thought it, I done did it, heard it, I done spit it
New cats wanna pay their respect, son I'm with it
But if not, I'm a reclaim the top of the charts
Doin' shows with dough flows frip 'em apart
Other than that, I'll just be holding my own
Crown royalty up on a throne, for real
The King's a ruler, the ruler rules [x8]
[DMC]
Our father, who art in heaven
hollowed be thy name, thy kingdome come
Thy will be done
Forever...
The King's a ruler, the ruler rules [x13] Yo yo brand new KRS y'all, Maximum Strength
5 Boroughs of death we rep to death
Yo Kris, set it for The Bronx.. [KRS-One]
We hit em and get em, we stick em and jig em
we pick em and kick em
Flippin them whip and I'm wing-clippin them lip
cause I'm cold sick of them
Much quicker than them lyrically trickin and my Tribe
be on a Quest like Tip and them
On every avenue puttin the full clip in em
Splittin and strippin em down while spittin a round
into them soundclash see winnin them, just begginin them
Get rid of ev-ery bit of them with them negative idioms
I don't even consider them
In the new millenium we killin them
Breeze Deep, Kenny and Will and them, KRS-One we thrillin em
Many battles we been in them now we rebuildin them
We blaze, fulfillin them, Keith ?, Jesse, Jamil and them
We originate styles, other be stealin them [Vigilante]
You got a good rise in your rolodex, who flow is next?
Comin out to {fuck} with the best, put it in your chest
Inhale it and hold that, blow it out when I say let go; let's see
if you can hold your breath, by the time I flip to the next flow
This sho' is real, this is the deal, guns I'm runnin
Gotta make it out of town to flip my {shit} and keep it comin
Then bring it back, with another stack, of raps to blow your back out
How many of y'all wanna go for yours I keep my dogs in the crackhouse [Buckshot]
Let's take a walk through Crown Heights
Steppin through the city at night, with the ? and two mic
Form a little lynch mob, and stomp through the five boroughs
Head back to Brooklyn in the Expo
Back on the block, I see the cops everybody clockin
Buckshot, when you see the rocks, me I got you shocked
Why not? You see the recipe
Buckshot, I represent Brooklyn and my {nigga} Biggie [Keith Murray]
I'm from C-I, L-I, F-L-Y
Where the {niggaz} and the {bitches} stay paid fly and high
Where a slut'll get mad if you call her a {bitch}
And a rat'll get mad if you call her a snitch
Where the rich emerge, with the {niggaz} from the ditch
And it's a myth, they get {niggaz} from the suburbs, that's herbs
Yo this is for my {niggaz} on the block all day
Who don't give a {fuck} waitin for crime to pay
Put your money on it, yo we never fronted
Long Island got some of the best {niggaz} that ever done it
From Riverhead to C.I. to Brentwood to Wyndanch
{Niggaz} comin through will not stand a chance
From Roosevelt to Freeport to Hempstead to Uniondale
Comin deep from the depths of hell
I'm dead serious, even though you see me smilin
Rough enough to break New York from Long Island [Cam'Ron]
We destroy {niggaz}, need advice, cause I heard em sayin Jesus Christ
You should see the sight, cookin ox-tail, peas and rice
Makin about a G a night, they can't read or write
But I got every creed and type, you need a dyke, babygirl I see the light
But sometime y'all get crimey crimey, grimy grimy
But those with a tiny hiney they get whiny whiny
So guard your girl, Harlem World, cock the gun, pop it son
Fila fam, illa players, Killa Cam is still the man [?]
Uptown massive, Uptown the borough
Uptown let the ? kali, no sorrow
Uptown trestle, Uptown of course
I grab you ? they got me turn up to North
And if dem turn up North ? hurt no tell de boss
And if dem tell me off dey are a bunch of ghosts
And if dem gal are up, well den dem know da gal are boss
De rap dancehall try on de Mossinos
And if dem tie me off, dem can call me Cedro
I put a rap to singalong in all de ? crew
And if da gal a bitch ? ? the rainbow
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? [Killah Priest]
Yo, hit you with the force of an iron horse
Tear your face off the planet, leavin one-third damaged
Witcha back cracked the earth canvas, leavin mountains slanted
Rock the earth of the axle, crabs who
Polar bears beneath the sea gravel
Thoughts be runnin wild like the Lil' Rascals
Puttin dinosaurs inside of figure fours, rip you with nine inch claws
Chasin {motherfuckers} through malls, and clash in halls
Beatin {motherfuckers} through walls, stompin through floors
and jumpin down elevator shafts
Searchin for they {ass}, stayin low in the grass
Wearin a gas mask, wrappin their hands up in plastic bags
On stage like a savage goin mad
WHAT? Yeah yeah, sooooooooooooo! [Prodigy]
Yeah, by all means you know you gotta put Queens on it
Put cream on it, Q.B. we rep often
Take over your party, slamdance witcha hood
Took your ladies back to the projects with us
Then sent her {ass} back on the Q-train home
Satisfied, she learned the words to my thug song
See we one big borough of Dons with firearms
And we never use those, til the man act
other than he's 'sposed to, {nigga} what I'm 'sposed to do?
Shots whistle, damn near missed dat
Shoes get pissed at [Redman]
From the, tip of my Timbs, to my eyebrows
The hostile, english, Olde E widemouth
Get PCP fiends, jumpin off cliffs
And if you had the balls, you'd be walkin off stiff
My paragraph alone is worth five mics (uh-huh)
A twelve song LP, that's thirty-six mics (uh-huh)
And while you win Un Hype (uh-huh) I spit on your snipe
and tell you {fuck you} and that {bitch} on your bike
Brick City!! [Reverand Run]
Aiyyo.. now bust it
Never try me crimey I'm grimy so don't deny me
I be Little like your Rascals and stymie to fly that hiney
Buy me keys, to my Benz and my Coupe
Like Jay and Run and D.M.C.'s, that's the name of my group
(now speed it up)
Beat to the rhythm of the rhyme
I'm givin up a dime, there go another line you figured
Never drivin by nine, never givin up a dime if you was
Never been that {nigga}
If you really wanna test me, brother don't stress me
Or you just be bowlin
It's Reverand like a Jesse, brother that's just me
and that's just my colon The five boroughs of death, we rep to death
Step aside little {niggaz}, show time yep
It's goin down the moment we inside the spot
Let's rock'n'roll, you know the M.O., it gets real
when the five boroughs of death, we rep to death
Step aside little {niggaz}, show time yep
It's goin down the moment we inside the spot
Let's rock'n'roll, you know the M.O., it gets hot Hard times spreading just like the flu
Watch out homeboy, don't let it catch you
P-p-prices go up, don't let your pocket go down
When you got short money you're stuck on the ground
Turn around, get ready, keep your eye on the prize
And be on point for the future shock Hard times [repeat 2x] Hard times are coming to your town
So stay alert, don't let them get you down
They tell you times are tough, you hear that times are hard
But when you work for that ace you know you pulled the right card
Hard times got our pockets all in chains
I'll tell you what, homeboy, it don't have my brain
All day I have to work at my peak
Beacuse I need that dollar every day of the weak Hard times Hard times can take you on a natural trip
So keep your balance, and don't you slip
Hard times is nothing new on me
I'm gonna use my strong mentality
Like the cream of the crop, like the crop of the cream
B-b-beating hard times, that is my theme
Hard times in life, hard times in death
I'm gonna keep on fighting to my very last breath Hard times [repeat 6x] [Run]
I. woke up this morning got ready to roll
Put on my green bomber it was, freezing cold
Applied longjohns with Adidas not matching
I called up Jam Master cause I knew he was scratching
(Whassup?) Jay to the telly music, loud as hell
He said - "Hold up Run," [DING DONG], "it's the bell!"
Jay to the door as he leaves the cut
for his eyes a surprise, "D.M.C. WHASSUP?" [D.M.C.]
I need a little help Jay, I got a little problem
A guy like yourself, maybe you can help me solve em
I only want to know why this happens all the time
(What?) Everywhere I go, I start to rap and rhyme
I rock them in the day (yeah you rock em every night)
I rock em when I left so def I knew something was wrong (alright)
I rhyme when I am sleeping, I rhyme when I'm awake
When I was nine I said a rhyme by putting candles on my cake
I just came from the bank (you said a rhyme?) A rhyme so funny
A song about the line so long they all gave me their money
That's why I came to you, you're my friend (yes that is true)
Said maybe Jay knows what to say, he'll tell me what to do. [Jay]
Hmmmm. yo you go get Joe, and all the rhymes you made
And we'll go to the bank, AND WE CAN ALL GET PAID! [Run]
Cruisin down the block, in the sixty-six Olds
Girls are on the jock like the ride was a Rolls
Feelin kinda great, got change for the toll
Suckers gotta wait, that's your fate, poor soul
Heard you on the records and I heard you on the tapes
Stop, switch the conversation over to grapes, because
you're not bustin none, so stop fussin son
You're not down with Rush, they call us Russ and Run
Since that's the company, you won't be chumpin me
Here's the man, ask that fan (Run big brother D!) [Run]
I seen you jockin J.C. cause he got a Mercedes
and you know about his ladies, and all his babies
You just wanna ride, and get inside
and run around town, like Bonnie'n'Clyde
But see the moves you're makin, the route you're takin
will lead to heartbreakin and I'm not mistaken
You like his money, you'll be his honey
Get the truth - no excuse - you're a great big dummy!
DUMB GIRL. DUMB GIRL!
[D.M.C.]
I wish I knew, why a girl like you
wants to do all the things that you do
I know you want a man, but you should understand
that J.C. ain't D, you shouldn't be his fan
You're not this fine, you're out of your mind
And I wrote this rhyme just for your kind
Don't be misled, remember what I said
The rhymes of rappers surely knock some sense in your head
DUMB GIRL. DUMB GIRL!
[Run]
(NOW.) Now you're the flyest girl, in the whole school
but they don't call you fly - they call you fool
Because you don't go to class, you will not pass
You like to go but you should slow because you're goin too fast
And I can tell that you're dumb when you walk in the place
Walkin round with your thumb cold stuck in your face You get high and tell a lie and think that makes you the ace
DUMB GIRL. (stupid!) THE GIRL IS.
[Run]
Now you're a stupid sex fiend, with no will power (POWER)
Hit four guys in the bathroom at your last baby shower
[D.M.C.]
All the guys call you fast (FAST) but I call you slow (SLOW)
Always sniffin or givin (GIVIN) somebody a blow (BLOW)
Givin every guy a try (TRY) at the wink of an eye (EYE)
There's somethin that you're missin, that money can't buy (BUY)
When it comes to love, you're even hated by Cupid (CUPID)
You're (silly) dilly (dumb) and you're JUST PLAIN STUPID!
DUMB GIRL. (stupid!) DUMB GIRL!
. the girl is .
[D.M.C.]
I hope you to listen to the words, that I speak
I'm not playin, what I'm sayin, can never be weak
You should use your brain, but you don't have one
And when it comes to sense you don't have none
YO YO you should know where I'm comin from
But you're just dumb (diddy) dumb (diddy diddy) DUMB DUMB!
[D] DUMB GIRL!
[R] Dumb with a capital D!
[D] DUMB GIRL!
[R] Stupid as can be, BREAKDOWN!
. the girl is .
DUMB GIRL! DUMB GIRL!
. the girl is dumb! Kings from Queens from Queens come Kings
We're raisin hell like a class when the lunchbell rings
The king will be praised, and hell will be raised
S-s-s-suckers try to faze him but D won't be fazed
So what's your name? D.M.C.! The King is me!
Your High-ness, or His Majesty!
Now you can debate, c-c-c-concentrate
But you can't imitate D.M.C. the Great! Dissin all devils, causin havoc in HELL
At a very high level base and treble shall YELL
Heard in the heavens are the sounds supreme
So clear to the ear it is sometimes seen
So loud like a cloud with thunder and LIGHTNING
So proud to the crowd it is somewhat FRIGHTENING
No calm in the storm like a beast unleashed
There's no stoppin cause the rockin cannot cease; BREAK! You see it's harder than hard, not one bit soft
Courageous and contagious so you better break North
Not a cold, on a roll, did you hear me cough?
Just listen while I'm dissin cause you're pissin me off
Cold bedding is spreading all across your face
You can't take when I break and if that's the case
I'll go on, and on, and kick the bass
So back up off the cup while I take my taste It's highly appraised when the hell is raised
So demanding and commanding that you all stand dazed
The unbelieving receiving prophecy so true
I cut the head off the Devil and I throw it at you
My mighty mic control, already brought his soul
The rock king is so bold when he rocks and roll
A black hat is my crown, symbolizin the sound
Signifyin, we won't play around; BUST IT! Rappin and climbin beat-makin every day
No synthesizer sound, so silence when I say
I am great, get it straight, cause that's my fate
My name is Run I'm number one, that's how I rate
He's in the place with the bass, and style and grace
His name is J he's here to play, and win this race
He's off the wall, on the ball, his name is D
Kind of tall yes y'all, he's down with me From the mountain valley to the deep blue sea
The word is heard as told by D
I don't sing I bring, much delight
Like a star shinin bright in the darkest night
If you are cold, I'll bring you heat
Like I brought the whole world my funky beat
Mysterious and serious I ain't no joke
Fire from the depths of hell AND YOU CAN SMELL THE SMOKE! Kickin and tickin while you're havin a ball
Like chicken finger lickin I'll be vickin you all
So do the bird, have you heard, did they give you a call
Just me and D.M.C., cold shakin the walls There's no fearin when hearin sound of this kind
Across the land every man is goin out of his mind
On the face of the earth spreadin like disease
Contaminating infiltrating like a horde of bees Lord of lyrics, duke of discussion
Ruler of rock, your king at cold-crushin
Puller of people - controller of crowds
Lingering lyrics all lasting and loud Left y'all, ah to the left y'all
because I rock upon the mike real def y'all And to the right y'all, ah to the right y'all
because I rock upon the mike all night y'all You see, I. . want respect, if I'm correct
They're all like a ball that I have checked
And the shots they take have no effect
The pope try to dope but he broke his neck
Cause I rock harder, and I get farther
You wanna battle D hey please don't bother
To waste your time, messin with my rhyme
The only kick you get out of is in the behind!
ttin' behind [Run]
You know I'm proud to be black y'all
and that's a fact y'all
And if you try to take what's mine
I take it back y'all - it's like that Licki-licki-licki-licki-licki-licki-licki-licki-
Listen party people here's a serious song
It's right not wrong, I should say right on
I gotta tell you somethin that you all should know
It's not a mystery it's history and here's how it go
Now Hariett Tubman, was born a slave
She was a tiny black woman, when she was raised
She was livin to be givin there's a lot that she gave
There's not a slave, in this day and age
I'm proud to be [D.M.C.]
Black, god damn, I'm tired my man
Don't worry bout what color I am
Because I'll show you how ill, this man can act
It could never be fiction cause it is all fact
And if you get in my way, I will not turn back
I'm proud of my name, my name is Darryl Mack
I'm black and I'm proud, and I'll say it out loud
I'll share my story with the whole crowd, AUUUGHH! [Run-D.M.C.]
You know I'm proud to be black y'all
and that's a fact y'all
And if you try to take what's mine
I take it back y'all - it's like that [Run]
DJ Run, and I run these things
You can hear it loud and clear like when the schoolbell rings
Like Martin Luther King, I will do my thing
I'll say it in a rap cause I do not sing [D.M.C.]
D.M.C., the man, that's causin the beef
I got a message for the world so listen up it's brief
Like Malcolm X said I won't turn the right cheek
Got the strength to go the length, if you wanna start beef
Start beef! [Run-D.M.C.]
You know I'm proud to be black y'all
and real brave y'all
And motherfucker I could never be a slave y'all
So take that! [Run]
We're gonna tell ya somethin put your mind in a swirl
God bless the next baby that comes in this world
The world's full of hate discrimination and sin
People judgin other people by the color of skin
I'll attack this matter, in my own way
Man, I ain't no slave, I ain't reelin no hay
Written a deposition, in any condition
Don't get in my way cause I'm full of ambition
I'm proud to be black (and I ain't takin no crap)
I'm fresh out the pack (and I'm proud to be black)
SO TAKE THAT! [Run-D.M.C.]
There was a man - an inventor - who invented so well
He invented a fortune - for a man named Bell
George Washington Carver, made the peanut great
Showed any man with a mind, could create
You read about Malcolm X - in the history text
Jesse Owens broke records, Ali broke necks
What's wrong with ya man? How can you be so dumb?
LIKE DR. KING SAID, WE SHALL OVERCOME! *phone rings*
*phone rings*
[B.I.G.] Yo
*heavy breathing*
[B.I.G.] Sup hello?
*heavy breathing*
[B.I.G.] Faith?
Motherfucker *click*
*phone rings*
[B.I.G.] Yo
Kill you motherfucker (voice speaking to Biggie is whispering throughout)
[B.I.G.] Hello?
Kill you motherfucker
[B.I.G.] *sarcastically* WORD?
I'm gonna get you motherfucker you better watch your motherfuckin back
That's my word nigga
[B.I.G.] Get the fuck outta here
Better watch your motherfuckin abck
[B.I.G.] Watch my back? WORD?
I'm gonna get Biggie, I'm gonna kill Biggie
[B.I.G.] You soft dude, you soft
Fuck all you niggaz, you all ain't SHIT
Watch your motherfuckin back
[B.I.G.] Eat a dick
*click* Jealousy's a motherfucker, you weak jealous motherfuckers!
If you a jealous motherfucker, you just a weak motherfucker!
See when you on top, motherfuckers just wanna bring you down!
Motherfuckers don't even know you, and they don't like you... [Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, I dreams filthy
My moms and pops mixed in with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey
Huh, what a set up
Shoulda pushed em dead off, wipe the sweat off
Uhh, cause in this world I'm debtor, squeeze lead off
Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue break up teams, the enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed im filled im with the lugars from they Rugers
or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's present
Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot
Giving cats the opposite of diets
You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye
I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me
Shit, I need the company (uh-huh)
Apoligies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter
If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like
Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest
Silencers so you can't hear it
Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me
I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still [DMC]
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall [Notorious B.I.G.]
This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again
Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin
Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and
be Mor-gan than Freeman
I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces
Fuck the screwfaces, when I flip
I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas
Niggaz can't bang with us, try to do me
My crew be unruly (what)
To old school cats that call gats toolies
Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies
And fuck without rubbers (what) specialize
in killin wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin, shit
When Frank start bustin, Frank start somethin
Killin ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley
Me and Sean Combs takin broads home
On the phone with the chip, these Cristal chips
bought to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit [DMC]
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall [Notorious B.I.G.]
We used to hold the gold, now we floss with diamonds
Niggaz want my team to stop shinin
Pray my fame start declinin
Whinin like girlies
We been around the world twice, moats that'll smoke ice
in moonlights, sacrifice your heart
Lexus with the automatic start (what)
Fifty shots'll tear your club apart
Eatin shrimp outta cars, with some bitches from Brussels
Eatin clams or mussels
Uhh, out the puss (what) pretty face no waist
I just want the bush, so I can mack you
Give her a package to push, cause I work dem hoes
Pendejo's, I show you how to play them hoes
Can you just visualize it
Before I go to sleep I check the beds and the closet
so I can sleep safe, not too many people mill in the briefcase
Infrareds help me sleep safe, but wait [DMC]
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall Y'all motherfuckers live off of negativity
What y'all niggaz need to get through your motherfuckin heads
Is that, y'all fuckin with some niggaz that's on a higher
motherfuckin level -- we don't give a fuck
About what you think about less how you feel about us
What you got to say about us
We gon keep doin our motherfuckin thing
From now till the year three thousand bitches!
You can't breathe, you can't sleep, you can't eat
without thinkin about us!
Without thinkin about us to the end!
We gonna kill you heartless motherfuckers! [DMC]
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall [D.M.C.]
DJ's and MC's, coming up next is the one and only
incredible, Jam Master
Yo, back up off the ropes, punk
[Run]
Beats to the rhyme, the rhyme I just made
Party at the jammie til lights the night fade
Trooping for the feature we all get paid
So let's go
[D.M.C.]
Yo! D that's me, the King, the MC
Rhyme get mine on the t-o-p
Can another MC ever rock this beat? (Hell yeah)
[Run-D.M.C.]
It's like the A the B to the C
It's easier than (1, 2, 3)
(He's Jam Master Jay, I'm D.M.C.)
So here's Run
It's time for we to cease (So what?)
So rhymers speak your peace
Why? Cause you can't touch (Jam Master Jay)
Cause he's number (1, 2, 3, 4, hit it)
Dance to the rhythm, the rhyme, the cold flow
Chance to give em is done I told yo
For these routines like 1983
It's just a little reminder
So those suckas is kinder
A little message from (Run-D.M.C.)
[Run]
Cuts for days will amaze and maze
But will make you sad to tan all the dance aways
Got the mic, the man, the master plan
But the ram, the jam
(Know I am?) Goddamn! To his friends he lends, lotta joy he sends
Jay lose today, this is what I say
(Dick in your mouth all day)
[D.M.C.]
My beats were played and laid rhymes made
Jay DJ'ed and I got paid
Made something out of nothing (Yo D that's true)
Yes my brother I would do it for you
I roam in the zone of the microphone
And I'm on the throne but I'm not alone
Got bones of steel and not of stone
I'm known to be prone and make your momma moan
[Run]
Time for the rhyme so let the stars shine
Shame for the fame and the name combined
Run for the fun but you can gimme your ring
Show I gotta go so now a word from the King
[D.M.C.]
Hardcore, rhymes galore, giving you more
And like I said before...
Beats to the rhyme the name of this jam
D that's me and that's who I am
Rocking on the mic cause you know I can
You gotta understand I don't give a damn
[Run]
Jay hit a play today I must say
Hooray to the way that is A-OK
As we wax the tracks all the DJ's play
With (dick in your mouth)
A little (dick in your mouth)
A big (dick in your mouth all day) My my my teacher came in class, breathin hard as could be
And then she made a pass at my homeboy D
I said she's movin fast, she's lookin at me
MISS ELAINE! She's a crazy lady, she may be insane
She always call me baby, but that's not my name
Hey those kisses that she gave me, I just can't explain
MISS ELAINE! MISS ELAINE! WAS HER NAME!
MISS ELAINE! WAS HER NAME! She walked into the class with an aim for the day
Elaine had a game and I was willing to play
She said if I was down, she'd give me an A
MISS ELAINE! Yo, my class is breakin fool, she sent them all home
She kept me after school, yeah me all alone
I follow all the rules, but I should have known
MISS ELAINE! MISS ELAINE! WAS HER NAME!
MISS ELAINE! WAS HER NAME! Ahhhhhhhh...
[guitar solo] Try to go to school, keep my head on the books
My teacher's kinda cool, give the dirtiest looks
All my friends want a hook-up, but nobody hooks
MISS ELAINE! Yo, I go for what I know, and I get what I get
It's gettin rather frantic, people say I'm a pet
She's makin me a winner and I'm glad that I met
MISS ELAINE! MISS ELAINE! WAS HER NAME!
M_M_M_M_M_MISS ELAINE! MISS ELAINE! Ahhhhhhh, make it funky now Radio station, on vacation
Wonder where Run was, damn be patient
Comin to the rescue, people won't let you
forget about my DJ, and my crew
Pickin up the pieces, nephews and nieces
Chocolate in a peanut butter cup, called Reese's
Took a little break, for goodness sake
Gotta chill, get ill, cold fishin by the lake
Take a brain off rappin, 'member what happened
Listen reminisce and cold keep your foot tappin
Darryl and Joe cause the DJ's Jason
Hear no fear, dear radio station Radio station, around the nation
Run, D, and Jason, made a dedication
To those listenin, we're not dissin em
Recording and rewarding so we won't be missin em
Keep on playin song, LP playin long
Jay, D, and Joe, keep the radio stayin on
I always say to Joe, turn on the radio
Jam Master Jay will know, that is the way to go
While Jay's DJin, I will be sayin
Rhymes that are playin, FM or AM
On hot rotation, a winning combination
AM, FM, music modulation
Rappin on the mic is my occupation
That's what I like, dear radio station AM, FM, thought that I left them
back and exact never wack no more jetset
Run made a return, D makin me earn
Jay gotta play on the radio we burn
hotter than a fire, kids goin higher
Told you on the album, that was prior
Two that's tougher than, nobody rougher when
Run-D.M.C., throwin down like a Bufferin
Relievin all pain, receiving much gain
Remaining entertaining while we entertain
for the black white chinese spanish indian haitian
Hear no fear, dear radio station D, Joe, Jason, radio station
Saw that, format, you be placin
records, other than, Run, go cover and
put em on your list, people hear and discover them
Take or break the tunes that make it
D gotta be on top and shake it
Keep on rockin it, ain't no stoppin
My alliance droppin science on the radio poppin it
One top ten again, Run's gonna win again
Jay's gonna spin again, on the FM again
I coulda and shoulda and woulda, wrote a letter
But a speech that'll reach the streets is much better! I'm Jam Master Jay! Adidas, WBLS and Rush Productions presents
A fund-raising appearance by the kings of rap'n'roll... Again 
I'm Jam Master Jay! Adidas, WBLS, and Rush Production, presents
A fund-raising appearance by the kings of rap'n'roll... Live at the Apollo Theater, April 19th, two shows, 7 and 11 Alright let's do that again, #8
Take your time Jay, you sound like you rushin
You gotta rush, we only got 60 seconds to say a lot of shit
#8 What's up New York? My name is Jam Master Jay
And I'm here to say that Adidas, WBLS, and Rush Productions presents
A fund-raising appearance by the kings of rap'n'roll... Live at the Apollo Theater, April 19th, two shows, 7 and 11 P.M.
Alright cool.. [long pause].. #10 What's up New York? My name is Jam Master Jay
And I'm here to say... that Adidas, WBLS, and Rush Productions
present a fund-raising appearance, by the kings of rap, Run-D.M.C.  Let's do it again, uhh #11
I thought I had it right man, here we go
11
What's up New York? Let's do one more Joe, 14 Yo whattup? This is Run! And me and my man D.M.C., gon' be bustin new jams like...this!
Take 15 Special guest, the Beastie Boys!
Tickets 5, 10, 18 and 25 dollars
With special box seats, at 30 dollars
Pick 'em up at the Apollo Theater box office, or ticket censors [laughs] Ticket outlets, TicketMaster outlets
TicketMaster outlets!
This'll be take 16 Yo, Andre, are you sure they gonna
BLS ain't gonna give us no, no beef about... 16 Special guest, the Beastie Boys!
Tickets 5, 10, 18 and 25 dollars
With special box seats, at 30 dollars
Pick 'em up at the Apollo Theater box office
or, TicketMaster centers, fuck it! Outlets, now let's do one more, for safe keeping
FUCK THAT!
19, one more time
Damn Steve! 4 If you buy your ticket at the TicketMaster outlet
on East 8th Street at American Video
Get free roundtrip bus transportation from downtown
courtesy of Vinylmania - and hold onto your ticket stubs
for the official afterparty, at the World Disco
2nd Street and Avenue C
Your admission to the World is free with your Apollo ticket stub
courtesy of the East Village Eye 33 Don't forget, Run-D.M.C. and the Beastie Boys
Saturday night on April 19th
7 and 11 at the Apollo Theater as... (THE DEF JAM SERIES, ROCKS ON) Heard that they said that it's rainin men
But the offer that I make, it won't be made again
You don't have to write, you don't have to call
It's a one-time offer for nothing at all And there's no red tape, I don't make it hard
You don't need cash money or a Master Card
I got easy terms, and a lay-away
But I need a quick decision, and I need it today And if you find that you don't like my ways
Well, you can send me back in 30 days Now have you ever seen a man with a guarantee?
Well you're lookin at him now, cause the man is me
And if you don't believe all the things I say
I'm certified 'prime' by the USDA Now the name that I use is DJ Run
And I'm a fast-talkin slow-walkin number one
And if you don't believe all the words I say
Then you're a natural born fool who's got to be that way I got a 50 rating and a 50 share
Every minute, every hour that I'm on the air
And when I come to town, I'm on a big marquee
It says (DJ Run) and me, D.M.C. And if you find that you don't like my ways
Well, you can send me back in 30 days A good job and lots of money might not be enough
And to satisfy your needs it may be rough
But I take some care and treat you nice
And if it ain't sufficient once, I cold work it out twice And if you find that you don't like my ways
Well, you can send me back in 30 days I'm gonna give you everything that you ever need
If you need a pint of blood, then I'll even bleed
If you're lookin for a car, I will buy you two
And if you're lookin for a pet, I'll buy a kangaroo If you need a vacation, we can fly the world
And you'll know I'll never look at another girl
I'm a single-minded man, and my mind is set
You're the lady of the '80s that I'm gonna get And if you find you don't like my ways
Well, you can send me back in 30 days We interrupt your regularly scheduled program, with a hot news flash
Dan, Dan, are you there?
Yeah I'm here, and what a crowd!
This is Dan Summers, your super scoop news reporter, at the local ticket outlet center
Excuse me sir, what's all the excitement about?
Yo man, you don't know?!
Run-D.M.C. and the Raising Hell Tour is coming to town, B!
Yeah what will they be singing? (Run-D.M.C.)
Together, forever, forever, together
Run-D.M.C. and we're... MY, AH-DIDAS! Excuse me miss, who are you going to see?
Whodini! (Whodini)
Funky beat, funky beat, funky beat Oh my God, who are all you kids running to see?! (LL Cool J)
LL Cool J is hard as HELL This is Dan Summers, your super scoop reporter, signing off!
Dan, what about weather, what about sports? Where are you going?
To get my Run-D.M.C. RAISING HELL tickets! Word! [D.M.C.]
Ayo man, can we see them mics man? [Run]
One two, one two, and I say... [D.M.C.]
Party people, your dreams have now been fulfilled
Get out your seats and let's get ill
That's right y'all, we're not just rough, we're more than tough
And when it comes to rhymes, we got enough [Run]
It's like that y'all, and we don't stop the body rock
Now it's together (forever) forever (together)
Run-D.M.C. and we're tougher than leather
We're making and breaking and snatching and taking
The deal's for real we could never be faking [D.M.C.]
I'm chilling, he's cooling, I'm a king that's ruling
Preach and teach and always schooling [Run]
See, we're learning, and earning, the tables keep turning
To be like us, you could cold be yearning
Pulsating dominating up above
Cold chilling and I'm willing, the name's Run-Love [D.M.C.]
Creating devastating in the place to be
Full of soul and mic control because it's easy to "D" [Run]
Beat making, never faking, chilling all of the time
For playing rhyme saying, I get mine [D.M.C.]
No way to rock me, no way to stop me
It's seems quite shocking to those that mock me
And that's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and plan for my downfall
But I'm not running, I'm just stunning
Smart not stupid cause I'm so cunning
MC's regret it, I'm upsetting
My recitals take titles and titles I'm betting 
[Run]
Like that y'all, so just keep above
See my name is DJ Run, they call me Run-Love
Creative creator, creating the rhyme
Devastating devastator not doing a crime
Making beats every day, and I get mine
The biggest star going far, so check the shine
Big winner, not a sinner when I do my thing
I might have a sling or a fling cause I'm down with the king
Biggest rap no crap, I do not sing
You want a show, let me know, just give me your ring
Like that y'all, we're just keeping it on
D.M.C. my man, to the break of dawn rock [D.M.C.]
I'm ill, I chill, with skill I kill
And none of my rhymes are run of the mill
I cause grief, I'm chief, there is no beef
And if there's beef I knock out teeth
MC's act dumb, they know where I'm from
The King from Queens and I'm down with Run [Run]
I take a stand my man, and I won't sit
Cause I'm the real deal, like Coke is it
Then you won't find my name in the yellow page
Cause Run only speaks when it's on the stage
I got a rhyme in line that's easy to find
With a sketch so check, so one of a kind
Got two MC's and one DJ
Grab at least 20 G's when we play
So D.M.C. my boy, my mellow my man
So get on the mic and won't you take the stand [D.M.C.]
My rock is hard, you can't pull my card
I'm a shining star, shining near and far
Shining like the sun on a day of fun
Always on the move cause I'm down with Run
I'm the cool and calm, I'm the calm and cool
I'm not a fool, I went to school
My name is D.M.C. I tell no lie
And I graduated from Cooley High
I am the only rapper who will not die
I'm a greusome guy, and you can try
To battle D.M.C. but you must be high It was december 24 on hollis after the dark
My man santa saw a rabbi and gave the strangest remark
He said that giving was his living and I had to take paro
So I grabbed a bag of goodies and I hopped up on his cart
I laced the pockets of the poor and gave the hoodie a play
Dropped some dollars up on hollis and I went on my way
I hear your jingle mr. kringle peep the single, my man
So santa hit a brotha off and come as quick as you can!
Santa baby
Just slip a benzo under the tree for me
A 98 convertible, light blue
Im looking for a fly guy, like you
So hurry down the chimney tonight...
3: ma$e
Now all mase know
When its eight twenty-four
He be looking at the door for the ho ho ho
Cause I know
When theres a christmas uptown
Aint no chimney for santa to come down
4: puffy daddy
Now to me, pd I had alot
Appreciated everything that I got
Though I used to take my pops
Who aint caught me shaking the box
Cause I knew I couldnt wait till it turned 12 oclock
5: snoop doggy dogg
Cookies and milk
Satin and silk
Im chillin in the living room, wrapped in a quilt
Im waiting on this fat red suit wearing-comparing
My gifts to my homeboy next door to me
A gift here, none there, but who cares
My little sister needs a comb just to braid her nappy hair
Bbut here we go again waiting on the enemy
To slide down the chimney
Look here, that aint reality
Santa baby
Just slip a benzo under the tree for me
A 98 convertible, light blue
Im looking for a fly guy, like you
So hurry down the chimney tonight...
6: salt & pepa
Santa baby, are you really real?
Chris kringle
Let me see you make my pockets jingle (ching ching)
We need some jobs in the ghetto
Too much gangbanging where kids are playin
I hear the church bells ringing
On christmas eve
I believe
Jesus-calling me
Forget the gifts and the shopping lists
And the new kicks
Your just falling for tricks
(you better praise him)
Santa baby
Just slip a benzo under the tree for me
A 98 convertible, light blue
Im looking for a fly guy, like you
So hurry down the chimney tonight...
7: fredro starr
Its the gritty-the grimy
The low down, the shifty
Yo sticky, christmas time in the city
Late night, stars are bright
We gettin rocked!
With the 50 st. nicholas
Start rippin this
8: sticky fingaz
Its the grinch who stole christmas
Climbin down ya chimney
Kids open up they gifts
They all gonna be empty
Just like mine was
I hate to say it
But if I wasnt a boy I wouldnt have had nuthin to play wit!
9: keith murray
On december 25th I knew I wasnt getting jack
When I saw santa claus on the corner buying crack
I ran up on him with the (blur) and asked him yo whats up with that?
He said there aint no christmas kid and I cant get him back
Back in the days, christmas was deep
My moms put presents under the tree while I played sleep
And peeped ha! santa claus never gave me nuthin
Seen them mad faces, lying and frontin
So do some good to the ghetto, mr. chris kringle
Come and stay awhile, kick it with gods angel
Take and acknowledge my wisdom and understand
That santa claus is a black man
Word up
Santa baby
Just slip a benzo under the tree for me
A 98 convertible, light blue
Im looking for a fly guy, like you
So hurry down the chimney tonight... Getter of girls, master of men
("King of Rock") and I am him
Lord of lyrics, duke of discussion
Ruler of rap and king at cold crushin And I'm DJ Run, commander-in-chief
Dictator, and hater of those that beee Puller of people (controller of crowd)
Lingering lyrics (long) lastin' and LOUD Droppin MCs, with just one punch
'cause it's the baddest of the {?} so call me Captain Crunch
Slayin MCs', make 'em walk the plank
(What's next?) Swappin' decks then I count my bank
Sophisticated sounds, not soft or sour
Servin you suckers sellin' dreams in the shower
Rockin this party, hour after hour
If a girlie try to diss me (Oh my God!) I won't allow her! Wizard of words, ruler of rap
Not soft, not a sucker, could never be a sap
You might get jacked, 'cause you talk crap
When I bust my rap, they all step back
(The) microphone (master) D.M.C.
'cause it's one, two, three, four casualties
You'll be praisin D, down on your knees
'Cause I'm poppin and joppin, stoppin' all MCs' W-w-wel, w-w-we-well
I'm rhymin and climbin beat-makin every day
The synthesizer sound, so silence when I say
that I am great, get it straight, cause that's my fate
My name is Run I'm number one, that's how I rate
He's in the place with the bass, and style and grace
His name is Jay, he's here to play, and win this race
He's off the wall, on the ball, his name is D
Kind of tall yes y'all and he's down with me I'm talked about because I turn it out
You cannot count this large amount
of rhymes I got that rock this spot
'cause I am def and you are NOT
If I was fake, I would not break
If the titles at stake, then I would take
Paving the title, will be taken
I'm for real, I'm not faking
Suckers are shivering and, dead shaking
I think ya scared if I'm not mistaken
I gain respect and if I'm correct
They'll awe like a ball that I have check
If the shots they take have no effect
The punk tried to dunk, but he broke his neck
'cause I rock harder and I, get farther
You wanna battle D, hey please, don't bother
to waste your time, messin wit my rhyme
The only kick you get out of it is in the behind Kings from Queens from Queens come Kings
We're Raising Hell like a class when the lunch bell rings
The king will be praised, and hell will be raised
S-suckers try to faze him but he won't be fazed
So what's your name? D.M.C.! The King is me!
Your High-ness, or His Majesty!
You can debate, c-c-c-concentrate
But you can't imitate D.M.C. THE GREAT! And this is the way.
we rock the house! Ha hah.
Ya don't.
Ya can't.
and I don't.
ya don't stop!
D. M. C.
Huh. I'm the King of Rock, there is none higher.
Sire!
To burn my kingdom, FIRE.
Re-TIRE. Now we rock the party, and come correct.
BREAK!
Now we crash through walls.
The CEILING! [Run] On the tape
[DMC] We're fresh out the box And this is the way.
we rock the house!
NOT.
Never. ever.
Huh.
Ha hah.
Hah!
Yah.
Get it right boy. [DMC] Sure shot. And this is the way.
we rock the house!
And that's the way. yeah. [DMC] Supreme.
Fever!
[Run] Born to talk.
Take a walk.
[DMC] Back up.
[Run] Step off!
Punk. frontin.
[DMC] Bad.
[Run] B-Boys! . B-Girls! .
[DMC] Tough.
[Run] City.?? . ha hah, ha hah Here's a story of a guy, who used to be fly
He never would steal, he never would lie
The type of person money could not buy
Thought he be that way until the day he DIED!
MAAAAAAN, he met this girl, made his head swirl
To him she was worth more than diamonds 'n pearls
But she wasn't like all the other girls
Because she was only out, to crush his world!
He didn't care what his friends, had to say
'Cause he had to see the girl, everyday
He quit his work, his J-O-B
and he gotta lose his touch with his family
HEEEEEEE would lie for herrr, cold die for herrr
Did nothing in the world wouldn't try for herrr (yeah)
Get ill for herrr, he'd steal for herrr He sold his car, stole a VCR
So low on dough, he went and robbed a bar
He lost everything, he had nuttin to LOSE
For staying wit this girl, he was paying his dues
Well he tried to leave, but the love was strong
He shouldn't have stayed with T'HER so long
Now What's Going On? He sings the sad song
What was right in his life, has now gone wrong
He said, I got to leave, for a day or two
But on the very next day he said, "I need you
I can't live without you, and you know this true
'cause my love for you just grew and grew"
So he took her home, she took him back
They made so much love, he caught a heart attack
She drove him to his grave, that's where he's at
AND THE GIRL THAT KILLED HIM IS A GIRL CALLED CRACK [Method Man]
Pack the number one champion sound, Uh, is they ready? [Run]
How y'all feel out there? [DMC]
Ah yeah, alright, alright... [Method Man]
Mr. Meth, Run-DMC, Jam-Master Jay, run! [Cuts from "Here we go" and "Together forever"]
1,2,3 In the place to be, as it is plain to see
He is DJ Run,
And we are the Krush Groovin, the body movin'
Party people your dreams have now been fulfilled
Get out of your seats and lets get ill
That's right y'all... [Run]
You're gettin' dollars, when dealing with Rev. Run
Look what I did done
And I come from Hollis, flipped it and scripted it and there it go
Wanna floss, Pull em off, you know I headlinin'
Sell out tours, platinum plaque, wall to wall,
name ringin' out, from door to door
Still be the King, Run-DMC,
now y'all brothers wanna rhyme with me
Where's my house I've got the key
Brothers can't see me, not
All ya'll cats tryin to be me
Might as well go on, hits to me
Had a E, now drivin' a Beem
my girl ridin' around in Gucci
Rhyme so raw, I'm told like sushi
Gave some time to rhyme to Susan Lucci
Hoes coming out, saying "Who's she?"
Dead by dawn, rhymin' for you D [DMC]
Cracks in the cradle, cokes in the spoon
Little boy flew higher than the moon
Willie wanted weapons, Wilma wanted a wool
I come to school and lay down the rule
Johnny with the gun to break out of the crime
Shorty with the 40 was caught in the dark
Corner, black is a goner, didn't really want to go
Now mamma is a warner [Method Man]
Now I walked on ice, and never fell
I spent my time in a plush hotel
Judge a phenomena, deadly but calm world in my palm
Dead by dawn got the right to bear arms, bring me along
Another sound boy dying, hot iron
Stuff flyin, out the hardware appliance
Baby, Momma Crying'
Sobbin' and grievin', you was at odds,
With them kids, till they made it even
Let down your guard, yes you did
Now you barely breathin' To win a whim, open season on a duck
We don't give a what
Yo, best, best to give it up Joe and D, lets run these MCs, they phony
From Humphrey, they mad Bogey
Saddle up your horse, there's the sunset Mosey
Jam-Master Jay deserves a trophy for this track right,
Futuristic G past tight
If that's your girlfriend, she wasn't last night, punk
Little boy style's is mad chump, ain't no wins here
Sport is extreme, know what I mean
Gettin royalties, Down with the King...! [Run]
None of y'all really made money
Like DJ Run and came the run
And played the Garden like Jordan
You never done it so my brother think about it, come on
It's DJ Run and you the son
It's this style called run on [Method Man]
Alright, now run on [Run]
Never leave me open, so dopin' that I be scorin
cook is sleepin' or they snoring
so boring that I be touring
Lauren told ya that ya lost one
You can't afford this type of life
That it will cost Run [Method Man]
Now speed it up, uh [Run]
Run gonna make you wanna cry,
Make you wanna die,
Make you wanna lie, hold up
Got to come thru the rhyme
That run thru the mic, got a bounce to the ounce sure 'nuff,
not a player, hustler, hater or a buster only in Augusta Georgia
With a rap like a gun, that keeps a brother runnin
But it don't matter cause it will cost ya
Cause you're like a teacher, but I don't reach ya
Soundin like a preacher what?
Nobodys cuts faster than the Jam-Master
Why? 'cause he has to cut
My deal as a DJ, every time we play, put it on replay what?
Run rockin' up the heasy, gettin all greasy, down south with the bud
Run running like a rhino, spittin on vinyl
This is my final gun
Run breakin' that spinal, this is my title
Y'all get phucked with Run! Run-DMC signing off... [Run] Well I rehearsed for the verse and I'm number one
Not the best, not the worst, cause my name is Run
[DMC] And I'm second cause I wreck it, that you want to see
An emcee (like D) inside the place (to be)
[both] And have you heard that he is third and his name is Jay
[Run] I'm Run the A
[DMC] D the Deuce
[both] and Jay's the Tre'
[Jam Master Jay cuts]
[Run]
I'm the rapper of the year and this the year of the rap
And I'm never drinkin beer, it's champagne at the tap
And I'm cold makin money on a regular basis
Pullin out, knockin sucker MC faces
Travel round the world with my mind at ease
No Calvin Klein, just wearin Lee's
Got credit in countries I've never been
cause the records I write are in the top ten
The top of the chart, is where I stay
but I also chill, around the way
In Hollis, Queeens, is where I stop
On the streets with the beats is where I walk
[D.M.C.]
When I perform, many hearts I warm
I'm better known, as the Quiet Storm
I don't talk too much but I got beef
When I kill MC's, I cause grief
Devestating mic control is my main goal
My name is Darryl, and his name is (Joe)
The Master of music his name is Jay
Leave us alone, and let us play
We give it up, and turn it loose
We're not like Dr. Seuss or Mother Goose
Sucker MC's like punks who are picking flowers
Go for yours, WE WENT FOR OURS!
[Jam Master Jay cuts]
[both] Start at 3, end at 6
Jam Master Jay is on the mix [Run] and all the chicks
[DMC] We got all of the girls
[Run] on our tips
[DMC] Don't buy gold lighters
[Run] only Bic's
[DMC] Rock all microphones
[Run] just for kicks
[D.M.C.]
Sucker MC's I will be snuffin
In my pocket I'll keep on stuffin
When I say I'll beat em up I won't be bluffin
They can't beef cause that ain't nothin
But it don't matter, my pocket gets fatter
I got more hats than the Mad Hatter
[Run]
Well I'm the rapper with the mic, drive a Caddy not a bike
Drop a rhyme in your face, and you'll damn sure like
He's an MC with the rhyme know the day and the time
Never ever goin low, cause he only climb
(And Jay's the DJ with the) cut (move your arm) and your butt
So D take the mic, huh hah
[D.M.C.]
Say what? I will not stop, I will not quit
Because some at the top but I'm on the tip
That's as high on the top as you can get
And you best believe, I'll be on it
So before you decide, to try me out
I'm gonna let you all know what I'm all about
I'm a fresh MC, who's on his way
to be an MC with the most to say
And to all those out there, that don't know me
I go by the name of D. M. C.
In the place to be, I will MC
The Master of the Ceremony cause it's easy to D
Control of the mic, is so devestating
that all other rappers you will soon be hating
No matter what race, creed or color
when we pull forward things don't get duller!
[Jam Master Jay cuts for the rest of the song] Many of our people, stealing, gambling
Many of our people turn to crime, time, nah, I get mine
Climb, do fine, wine and just dine, make, break, ill and just take
Fate for God sake a break is at stake Crack, wack, smack you right back
In fact you might last to jack if I crack
Cry, lie, do or just die
Live positive and give but that's why I'm not Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that, like, like, like
Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that Dee the King, me and you knew it
I raise emcees to get to it
You want to flaunt and talk and you're trying
To taunt and want and want 'cause you're dying Your place, race, chase and I seen it
And now, child, bow and I mean it
I came, saw, kicked and you saw it
The crowd, proud and loud and all for it Real sin is wrong, so don't do it
We invented the song and you blew it
I knew the time was right, so I wrote it
Here's the hook, look, so just quote it, I'm not Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that, like, like, like
Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that Coming off, time and time and that's whether
You, your crew, knew, whatever
I did, done, do, I'm this clever
I come again and win and you'll never See a man like me, your idol
So joke, smoke, toke but this title
The rhyme is mine, fine and so vital
It's time for me to rock, my recital Gonna tell you about a groove, that's coming
From the heart in part and just one in
A million or you will be bumming
So check the time, the rhyme that comes from it Inside your brain, remain, so just keep it
Plain, sane, refrain, so just peep it
Look, see it, check but never stop it
The hook comes next so Jay drop it, I'm not Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that, like, like, like
Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that Gotta go Joe you know, to the T O P
And see Dee, you know we know
The way today I say, I'm not a Leo
The King is Dee and Jay, he score a P.O That's left to smile a while, keep grinning
This past style is wild and I'm winning
Roll, stroll, control and I'm cooling
The King of Rock and Roll and I'm ruling I rhyme, shock and stop and I'm dropping
I pop hip-hop, I'm hip-hopping
Receive a G, well he, while I'm throwing
It's D.M.C. it's me, I'm not going, I'm not Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that, like, like, like
Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that Must crush us, you gotta take us out, we're hotter
Team is mean a lot of work involved, we're smarter
Dee, Jay, Run, no joking, hot as hell, we're smoking
Punks, rumps, chumps, we're yoking, news is crews are choking Out like that, not going, in like men, we're growing
Chance to dance, not blowing, go to show, don't roll in
Don't you know, we're staying here, to show not playing?
Here's the jam, respect it, time to end this record, I'm not Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that, like, like, like
Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that, like, like, like
Going out, out, out, like that, I'm not
Going out, out, out, like that Going
Going
Going
Going Going out, out, out
Going out, out, out
Going out, out, out
Going out, out, out [Run] How y'all feel out there? [D.M.C.]
Aww yeah! Alright! Aight, check this out
One two three, in the place to be
As it is plain to see
He is DJ Run, and I am D.M.C.
Funky fresh for 1983
DJ Jam Master Jay
Inside the place with all the bass
He leaves without a trace
And he came here tonight to get on your case
And we are. the krush groovin, the body-movin
The record makin, AND the record breakin
And it goes a little somethin like this.
It goes a one two three and [Run-D.M.C.]
Here we go. here we go
Here we go, here we go, here we here we here we go
D.M.C. and DJ Run, dum diddy-dum diddy-diddy-dum-dum
We're rockin on the mic and then you know where we're from
Dum diddy-dum diddy-diddy-dum-dum
We hope y'all ready for the big beat drum
Drum diddy-drum diddy-diddy-drum-drum
So people in the place here the big beat come
Here it come, here it come, here it kiddi-come-come
Come on everybody let's all get down
What we have is a brand new sound
So nobody out there be misled
We make up all these rhymes inside our head
The other MC's cannot compete
When we rap on the mic to this big beat
The beat is big it's kind of large
And when we're on the mic, WE'RE IN CHARGE! [Run]
It's like that y'all (that y'all)
It's like that y'all (that y'all)
It's like that-a-tha-that, a-like that y'all (that y'all)
Cool chief rocker, I don't drink vodka
But keep a bag of cheeba inside my locker (HUH!)
Go to school everyday (HUH!)
Always time to get paid (HA HUH!)
Cause I'm rockin on the mic until the break of day [D.M.C.]
And now the things I do make me a star
And you can be too if know who you are
Just put your mind to it, you'll go real far
And the next thing you know you'll have a big car [Run: overlaps]
A-liggy liggy liggy liggy liggy
Listen to the beat, here I say
because it's not routine, it's the way I play (Hahh-AHH)
Spit come out my mouth all time of the day; a then ahh
And most the time, Jam Master Jay [D.M.C.]
Hey they used to call me Easy Dee
Because I rapped on the mic so easily
But now they call me D.M.C.
(HE'S) D.M.C. of the par-ty
The D's for doin it all of the time
M is for the rhymes, that are all mine
C's for cool cool as can be
(And why you wear those glasses?) So I can see! [Run]
Rhymes so def, rhymes rhymes galore
Rhymes that you've never even heard before
Now if you say you heard my rhyme, we gonna have to fight
Cause I just made the motherfuckers up last night
Kick off your shoes, relax your feet
Party on down to the DJ Run beat
The beat to get you up and get you outta your seat
Make you boogie to this (party) cause you know it's unique
Wait a tiny minute, don't break on me
My rhymes come faster as the DJ cheats[?]
The DJ cuts the record for the valley below
Then I boogie your ass, til it's time to go
And when it's time to go GIRLS, takin you home
So straighten your dress up, bout your hair use a comb [D.M.C.]
Well I'm the microphone master, super rhyme maker
I get def as the others get faker
It's me D.M.C. in the place to be
And I still got the same old harmony
I'm the Deva-STATIN, Mic Controller
The word wi-zard and the chief rock HOLDER
Bad b-boy made for the b-girls
Rock rulin rhymes as the turntable twirls
Supreme leader was born to talk
And over any 'corded rap king, I'll exalt[?] [Run]
I'm from Hollis Queens and the games we play
See these games most everyday
People ridin round town, think hot rods
Get paid real well, don't have jobs
We've got pickpockets, thieves, gamblin man
Bettin twenty to one, right against your friend
We've got 'em all out there, doin their best
Play slick games and avoid arrest
Now the games of life, are really fun
but you had to play the game until the game is done
So play on. [D.M.C.: Run chimes in]
. to the break of dawn
As we rock y'all on to the early morn'
He's JAM MASTER JAY, the big beat blaster
HE gets better cause he know HE HAS TO
It's eighty-three and he's a little faster
And only practice MAKES A REAL JAM MASTER
JMJ ARE THE LETTERS OF HIS NAME
Cuttin and scratchin ARE THE ASPECTS OF HIS GAME
So check out the Master as he cuts THESE JAMS
Then look at us with the mics in our hands
Then take a count, one two three
Jam Master Jay, (Run)-D.M.C.! (Chorus:Harmony)
Heal yourself you got to heal yourself (Kid Capri talks) (Big Daddy Kane)
Mama said don't do crack and smoke you know
'Cause it will make your nose grow like Pinnochio
Since I was only 15 I had to listen
To what was said for my parent was a christian
I went to school and saw all my friends do it
But I said no 'cause I don't want my nose to grow
They started tripping on me, busting and flipping on me
So I had to front and say yo, true, stick it on me
I started smoking to prove I'm an adult
Now it's a habt but is it all my fault
I wished my mother would have told me the truth
'Cause now I'm all based out, ma dukes (Kid Capri)
Oh man I like the way that's going down
Now why won't you do is kick a little Freddie Foxx (Freddie Foxxx)
Everybody rise as I present to a jet black crowd
What it's like to be black and proud
In a world where white is right but not tonight
This is a black man's might
I heard a sister say she don't like darker shades of black
On a man 'cause that's wack
But to my light skin sister can't you tell
You're just the surface of a dark deep well
And how can you prefer to be wit those
That sprayed you wit gun and hoses
And never put roses on the graves
Of the slaves that they treated like dirt
After all that hard work (Kid Capri)
Clap your hands to the beat, C'mon, just clap your hands to the beat
Freak it now (LL Cool J)
One of the biggest lies you hear from no one else
Is when a girl tries to say she don't do it to herself
Always fantasizing but steadily denying
Last night she had to stop 'cause her baby was crying
She do it on the phone all alone wit a smile
Run the water, grab the shower cap and get buckwhyled
Soap suds on the floor, oh Al B Sure
Give it to me, give it to me, give me a little more
I'm fiending, creaming, screaming, dreaming (what else)
The girl's possess by the basehead demon Chorus (MC Lyte)
In Elementary, Lyte had the Jordache look
Like me and any other kid who cared about books
But then I got wise and I begin to listen
To the wack teachers and the wick-wack system
My mother put me in ?
Which means black school in Swahili
And there is where I learned black history
And how to be the best that I can be
I went back and now the school is closed
There is nowhere for black youth to go
To be taught by brothers and sisters who knows what it means
To be a black child or a white teen
In the end the youth is being mistreated
Which means the world is being cheated (Queen Latifah)
Dane was never taught her life was worth something
But when people don't try to improve it makes me want to hurt something
You want to be somebody and be a standout
But got your handout, oh you're broke, I guess it's off to your man's house
Why is sister's giving up the ball
Today it seems not to father you too hard
They call us squeezers and you prove it to the worst
You have to earn the right to say it's ladies first (Kid Capri)
Oh man this is Human Education Against Lies
You better know the flavor kid (KRS-One)
Human Education Against Lies tries
To open the eyes of humanity before it dies
Black and white ain't the real fight
That's the only thing the media hypes
The real fight are these major corporations
Holding back on real education
Before you're a color, first you're human
Teaching humanity is what we're doing (Kid Capri)
And just when you thought you knew everything there was to know
You didn't know anything about this, tell 'em Melodie (Ms Melodie)
Daddy's home everyday since he lost his job
His new line of work is now beating up mom
Mom is scared, she doesn't know what to do
Her beautiful skin is now black and blue
She used to cry, now she's back in the pen
A human war between women and men (Kid Capri)
Melodie, Kid Capri (Jam Master Jay and DMC)
Jam jay on the way, yo
Human Education Against Lies
To all the girls and to all the guys
Get paid, get it made
Get a good grade, live to a very old age
Checking out jet, no disrespect
To each and every member of the opposite sexes
Is yes, listen to the messages and I send some
We never knew where the poison came from
Yo, we're rapping on H.E.A.L. so we thought we like to mention
Acquired Immune Defiency Syndrome
AIDS, we're here to make you get wise
Human Education Against Lies (Kid Capri talks) (feat. Method Man, Dig Dast, Gold D, Jamel Simmons) [Intro: Dig Dast (Jamel Simmons) {Gold D}]
Yo my nigga Jamel Simmons what the deal nigga?
(Gold D, Dig Dast what's goin down, what's goin down)
{Aight, what's goin on, what's goin on
What's the deal pa, where you headed son?}
(Yo I'm bout to go to the studio and lay smash hit
Wit my Uncle Run, boy)
{Word?} Ain't he a Reverend now, collectin plates
At churches and shit?
(He's spittin flames right now baby
He at the top of his game, right now
I'm tellin, I'm show you, watch
Youknowhatimean? He's a born again, hooligan)
Uh-huh [Jamel Simmons]
I'm red rum, Reverend Run, brother son, earthquakin
Industry shakin, you kiddin me? We money makin
Your money fake son, I'll call you clay cuz you get's Play-Doh
Jamel and Joey Simmons holdin millions on the lay low
Platinum hailos, hero heads high from hydro
Hit the dime on the combo, she try to diss my rhyme flow
She ain't know we only glamorous like Phat Farm fashion
Simmons name sinamous wit this cash
It's our passion... what!? [Run]
Yo basically I'm here to rename rap, it ain't rap no more
Call it Simmons Incorporated, since '74
Lotta money in this fam, think about it
Me wit Run-D.M.C., and him over at Def Jam
Well damn, how the hell you think we livin?
How you think it feel to be a Simmons
Imagine Christmas and Thanksgiving
People wanna know why I ain't on my brother's label
If I did this whole rap game be unstable
Went over to Arista wit Mr. Davis, for the change of neighbors
It's only fair that we share those naked papers
You can tell a cat serious about rap and it ain't luck
If 20 years after his first single, his name's stuck
From '74 to '99, did novice to king, wit a million
MC's waitin in line
Keep a barrel on this album if my man's and them rise [Method Man]
Now speed it up, uh [Chorus 2X: Run]
Run really make ya wanna drop, drop
Now wanna make ya go live, live
Now wanna make ya go live, live
Now hold up [Method Man]
Now I walked on ice and never fell
I spent my time in a plush hotel
John-John Phenomenon, deadly but calm
Word to my born, dead by dawn
Got the right to bear arm, ring the alarm!
Another sound boy dyin, hot irons
Slugs flyin out the hardware appliance
Baby mamma cryin, sobbin and grievin
You was at aws wit them kids till they made it even
Let down ya guard, yes you did, now you barely breathin
To unaware, open season on a duck, we don't give a what
Yo best best to give it up
Sho indeed, let's Run D's MC's, they phony
Some hump free, they mad bogey
Saddle up ya horse, if the sunset mosey
Jam Master Jay deserve a trophy for this track, right?
Futuristic G past type, if that's yo girlfriend
She wasn't last night punk, little boy
Stylin mad chump, ain't no wins here
This sport's extreme, know what I mean?
Gettin royalty, +Down With the King+! [D.M.C.]
Crack, crack, cracks in the cradle
Cracks, in the cradle
Cracks in the cradle, cokes in the spoon
Little Boy Blue higher than the moon
Will he, will he want a weapons, will he wanted the wound
I come to school and lay down the rules
Two, two, two channel empty guzzle, brake gallons of drop
Shorty wit the forty, once sport in the dark
Co-co-corner, black as a goner
Didn't really wanna call my momma in Savannah [Mike Ransom]
I spit dynamite ignite turn off lights
Recite, spit poetry type, get my squad physically hype
Get a hundred blast from Funkmaster, crush ya life
+Blast+ Time to go now, show these fake rappers the way to go down
Down With The Kings, like Smokey down wit Motown
Who wanna come and see, come and test me
Take about a million MC's to wet me
For Run-D.M.C. I let shells fly, freein the five
Wit the red eye, niggas talkin to much
Tape 'em up, leave 'em hog tied [Kenny Cash]
You thinkin about it way to hard, how to get down wit the Gods
Kenny Cash, the Bronx cat, but it'll ride wit gats
Peep chicks huggin the sacks, yours scratchin the back
I'mma shark in a shack, y'all cats is feedin the fish
Now hate and feed wit clips, nigga that leave you ripped
And I'm leavin 'em dry, shit's crushed wit bleadin lips
Bet I, leave these chips, and a C.L.K.
After I hang plaques in the spot wit Run, D and Jay [Chorus 4X] The way it is Huh, Huh Jam Master Jay
J-J-Jam-Jam-Jam-Jam-Jam
Jam Master Jay
J-J-Jam-Jam-Jam-Jam-Jam Kick off the shoes
K-K-K-K-Kick
Kick off the shoes
K-K-K-K-Kick
Kick off the shoes 84 Jay...
J-A-Y are the letters of his name
J-A-Y are the letters of his name Real... Jam-Master
Real... Jam-Master ...And only practice makes a real Jam-Master Run...
Run DMC and Jam-Master Jay Kick off the shoes
Kick off the shoes Jump on the jock
Listen to the Jam-Master as he starts to rock K-K-K-K-Kick utt]Hey Beavis, eh-heh-heh
Remember that time we partied with Run-D.M.C.?
Yeah yeah, hehhehheh - I took a dump on their bus
Hehhehheh
No dumbass that was Anthrax! Eh-heh
I'm talkin about Run-D.M.C
Oh yeah yeah heh yeah
That was fly - hehheh - we were illin
Yeah. eh-heh, huh-huh, eh-huh-huh.
Me-heh-heh, me-heh-heh. he-heh. heh. Yo who dat?
Uhh. we're like, from Hollis and stuff, uh-huh-heh
Can we like, y'know, come in?
Yeah yeah heh yeah - I'm from Hollis too
Ehheheh yeah eh
It's Christmas time in Hollis Queens!!
Hehhehheh yeah heh-ehheh
Yo y'all don't like y'all from around the way
Yeah man, we're like, from Hollis, uh-heh
What street?
Uhhhhhhhhhhhh... uhhhh. Hollis Street? Huh-uh-huh
Yo that's Hollis Avenue, what street?
Uhhhh, like uhhhh...
Yo man get out of here y'all ain't from around the way
Stop frontin
Yo man save that man we ain't tryin to hear that
Uhhhhhh. uh-hehhuhheh, uhhhh.
I'm like, a full fledged member of the Hollis Crew
Yeah yeah hehheh, I'm a full fledged MEMBER!
Ehehehhhehheheheh
Aight, c'mon in yo, c'mon c'mon
Aight yo c'mon that's cool Heheh, hey Run, check this out, hehehheheh
My name is D.M.C., the all time great!!
I bust the most rhymes, in New York State!!
Huhhuh, eh-hehuhuhuh
Yo chill chill money
Yeah, CHILL Beavis. ehehhuhhuh, dumbass
Hehe heheh yeah heheh
So like uhh. are you guys gonna like, kick it old school?
Yeah yeah, heheh yeah, KICK IT! KICK IT! KICK IT!
Yo we gettin ready to break fool money
Uhhh. can we have some money? Uh-huhuhuhuhuh
Yeah yeah eheh yeah!
It's hard to rock a rhyme!! It's hard to rock a rhyme!!
No no no
Nah nah
It's tricky, it's TRICKY to rock a rhyme
Yeah, dumbass!
Shut up Butt-head! You can't rock a rhyme
No but I can kick your ass Aiyyo chill out for a minute and let's just do this
Cool out, cool out
Word up man, calm down with all that riffraff man
Don't be comin around here on all that old wild man
Just chill man
You in your corner and you in your corner man, just chill
Get up off that old wild man
Beavis started it
Oh yeah, eh-heheheh, heheheheh
Yo Beavis, you're ruffing up my Walker Wear
No way Butt-head, you're wrinkling my fresh gear!
Hehe hehehehe this is cool, heheheh
Are you guys gonna like, "Slam," or like
"Get out your seat and Jump Around, a-Jump Around!"
Yeah yeah, heh yeah like
Like, "Slam! SLAM! Duh-DUH-DUH, DUH-DUH-DUH, DUH-DUH-DUH!"
Yo Beavis slow your roll man
This ain't "Jump"
This ain't "Slam"
The name of this record is "Bounce" "This is the way. the way. the way." "Everybody just BOUNCE!" -] cut by Jay I open doors, take a pause, doin tours then I come again
Run'll be runnin up in the spot cause I be runnin
Dem seen dis, now DJ Run'll be comin
And gettin fiendish, my tracks are fat and in fact
It's not just a lean dish, your soup and salad not valid
I serve a mean dish. mean dish.
I got my mic in my hand and my plan to come
The official DJ rapper name is DJ Run
All other sucker rappers boy you're just my son
All wet behind the ears I freeze I froze you're numb
PUMP PUMP! I scream on you, you talk and talk
PUMP PUMP! Run you round the track then walk it off
So, check for me take in a weapon and even steppin
To my foes even those of Joe's are always kept in
Seperate rows broken nose from blows ruin your rep
When I pounce, all my foes suppose, I swing the ep
And just BOUNCE! "This is the way. the way. the way." "Everybody just BOUNCE!" -] cut by Jay My name is D.M.C., the one you know
The all-time great, I'ma steal the show
I put the mic, inside my hand
And spread a funky rhythm all across the land
I blow your mind, the rhyme'll flow
I hit you with the rhythm and they give me dough
I'm one of a kind, I rock your mind
I'm stingy with the digits when I rock my rhyme
I bust a vein, inside my brain
I came with the name and I claim the fame
I'm hard to the core, wicked and raw
The rhymes break raw when I'm breakin your door
I kick a ill style cause I'm sticka-still wild
Take-a take-a chill now, cause I got to kill a foul
Foul-mouthed sucker knockin out all doubt
I'm takin suckers out, cause I make a sucker bounce! "This is the way. the way. the way." "Everybody just BOUNCE!" -] cut by Jay . BOUNCE! I got no time for the climb, I'm the kind to rhyme
There's no sign of my mind slippin off the line
And if you find there's a dime, I left behind
I come fast for my cash, I must rewind
Easy does it, Run'll do it, speakin fluid vocabulary
Vocal, we makin em come to it - then I have you very
Often, lost in, Run'll run a boss then
Confuse you lose you're all lost up in the sauce
Then I stir you sir you're all shakin cause I'm diesel
Drop hip-hop, and then POP goes the weasel
Comin and runnin and seekin daily for my kingdom
Takin my lyrics at first they hear it then they sing them
I take a sucker and do em, the heads I flew em
First I chew em, then I school em and sue em, and steppin to em
Is a daily operation I ruin, all those I'm doin
I pursue em, make em boo and come to, you and your crew
And just BOUNCE! "This is the way. the way. the way." (continue to fade)
"Everybody just BOUNCE!" -] cut by Jay (continue to fade) Suggest an improvement or correction to earn IQ (feat. Kid Rock)
[Run] Now the things I do to make me a star
and you could be too if you know who you are
[Kid Rock] Like a bum on the corner big boy in the car (car)
see the ki ki Kid Rock with the Bawitdaba
we are hard as raw, what you saw is law
[Run] Once again my friend, it's Dj Run on tour
[Kid Rock] like Dj Run's his name
[Run] and Kid Rock is his
[Kid Rock] He's DMC, it's like that
[Run] and that's the way it is
[Kid Rock] Beats get ya? hurrah
[Run:] Jay
[Kid Rock:] homes eatin' Joe's, the punks on this Rover
[Run:]
Jay, Run, and D M C that's
[Kid Rock:] ne ne never been a time like this thats so vital
[DMC:] I'm the king of rock
[Run:] cause that's my title
then take account
one two three
[DMC:] Jam Master Jay, Run DMC
[Kid Rock:] YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
[Run:] YOU SEE IIIIIII
[Kid Rock:] want respect
[Run:] and
[Kid Rock:] but then you're all like a ball that I have checked
[Run:] and the shots that they take have no effect
[Kid Rock:] some punk tried to dunk but he broke his neck
cuz I rock harder, and I roll farther
you wanna battle Kid Rock bitch don't bother
[Run:] don't waste your time, messin' with my rhyme
[Kid Rock:] the only kick you'll get outta this
[Run:] is in your behind
[Kid Rock:] YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH [with "Run D"
throughout]
[DMC:] Run Run DMC
[Kid Rock:] fire plagues my name is worldwide [Run:] the other MC's doin' rock n roll (roll)
its Run DMC, Kid Rock patrol
Dj Run till I'm done DMC's the soul
got MTV on remote control (control)
platinum platinum can't mess with gold
we never let go of the mic's we hold
our joints get played cause the __
DMC spittin' flames while your jams is cold
over 30 million records worldwide we sold
Daryl Mac, Jam Jay, and my name is Joe
the other MC's know about the show
hook the turntables up to the telephone pole
rock a rhyme 99 till it's time to go
cuz ___Dj Run got a rhyme to flow
I come from a school that they call the old
DMC's deva devasted mic control
I come from a school that they call the old
we never let go of the mic's we hold
I come from a school that they call the old
over 30 million records worldwide we sold
I come from a school that they call the old
It's Run DMC Kid Rock patrol (patrol patrol patrol patrol patrol patrol
patrol patrol)
[Kid Rock:] YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
[Run:] I come from a school that they call the old
[DMC:] dum diddy dum diddy diddy dum dum
[Run:] you see IIIIIII
[Kid Rock:] want respect
[Run:]
[Kid Rock:] but then you're all like a ball that I have checked
and the shots that they take have no effect
[Kid Rock:] some punk tried to dunk but he broke his neck
cuz I rock harder and I roll farther
you wanna battle Kid Rock bitch don't bother
[Run:] don't waste your time messin' with my rhyme
[Kid Rock:] the only kick you'll get outta this
[Run:] is in your behind Ah, Ya, yeah, ya Seen this girl on the block by the boon-ah
On the spot she was down for the boom-mark
Drop doc she was rockin a Tupac
Said: yo D now me, what's you got
He says: ba boo bang, ba boo bang
Ba boo bang Seen a girl so crystal clean, I mean
Since I've been on the scene I've dreamed
Of girls to tops poofs on rooftops
Now this girl, who cruises the two pack
Get this girl in my bathtub, and rub my back rub
My bathroom's like a nightclub
A few ladies in my tin to find the limb
A few ladies in the bin, to put some yellow in
Any mighty fine fellow men like myself
To organize the panties on the shelves Them girls, them girls
Them girls I do adore I like em' sweet and fine
I get a wine to bind
All kinds I love them all Them girls, them girls
Them girls around the way I like a limit to a lime
The women so fine sometimes they make me say: Had a fly girl go called her honey
Make this spent up all my money
Fred went to bed with a girl from college, what
He told me she was looking for dollars
E to MC that don't get played
Girls gonna chase him, but they don't get paid
They might get naked, but they don't get laid
The school needs girls who made first grade I like the small girls, I like the tall girls
I like all the girls looking merry, call girls
So Run, let's bring the girls in
And their girlfriends, but no one let the squirrels in
As for the boyfriends step on joy
When the girlfriends come home and bring Limp Bizkit toys in
I like erection when I'm in the states
But no silicone cause' I don't like the fake shit Them girls, them girls
Them girls I do adore I like em' sweet and fine
I get a wine to bind
All kinds I love them all Them girls, them girls
Them girls around the way I like a limit to a lime
The women so fine sometimes they make me say: Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls Yo, yo girls in line now
Girls galore, girls I've never even seen before
The way they sway, that makes me smile
And Run gett a dime on the top of the pile Girls are freaking things are good
Girls can fill up my neighborhood
But don't take my sunshine I'll be OK
Some seam girlies I hear are snakes Them girls, them girls
Them girls I do adore I like em' sweet and fine
I get a wine to bind
All kinds I love them all Them girls, them girls
Them girls around the way I like a limit to a lime
The women so fine sometimes they make me say Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls Yes, yes, y'all off to the lagoon, so soon
My tune'll have room to go boom so I go to the pazoom
Place where the bass in your face is never 'ternal
Then I ran into my man the alligator so How you livin' like a sucker, wife is such a nag
I wish, I wish when niggaz fish they'd make a gator bag
But other than that I'm livin' fat, I got a record deal
Me and this pig got fifty gigs, yo homeboy check it squeal He said his rap and that was that and I was left alone
Let me kick you this lyric gather round now hear about the Flintstones
Fred and Barn' and all the rest of the Flintstones
They got a Benz with rocks and dark tints homes Kitted out, VVS the whole bit
People screamin' on Fred and sayin', oh shit
And then my man Fred came home late, doin' what?
Cold beefin' 'bout, Mr. Slate And then he walked to the door, seen Wilma cryin'
Fred said, "Yo hoe, I ain't lyin'"
And next thing, you heard a little crunch
Fred fell, what? Result of a punch And then they got up and went and got the crew
Back to the hoe's house yabba dabba dabba dabba doo y'all
A dabba doo y'all
And that's comin' straight from me to you, y'all You need a umbrella if it starts to rain
You need a umbrella if it starts to rain
You need a umbrella if it starts to rain
So why didn't you just bring a raincoat? And I hope, that you have a boat
'Cause my cussin is floodin' and you need to stay afloat
Not on water but on somebody's daughter
You never ever wanna say that you caught a Breeze that'll freeze or some kind of the disease
To make you ill and sneeze
I'm tryin' to tell you Baby Pop
You press your luck or youse a sucker suckin' on a lollipop You knocked off the boots and only got your shit wet
Needles inject just to disinfect, you're upset
Your stupid monkey-ass didn't protect yourself
Kick the frama lama lama, lama lama Motherfuckers poppin' shit
About a nigga goin' out without a hit
Or shit to his name to claim
And aim that shit towards me, nah That ain't what time it is 'cause this is mines and his
Member the crime you did, don't ever close your lid
'Cause if you sleep I keep
The cheap motherfuckin' tape you gave me, so behave see My name is Run and I'll run this ruler up your ass
And measure the shit you're poppin'
There's no stoppin' or coppin' or playin' with me you see
I'll break your fuckin' neck, I'm deadly [Run-D.M.C.]
Unconceivable, unbelievable
Grammar like a hammer information receivable
Sent by the Lord, here and abroad
with words well adored now they can't be ignored!
[Run]
The force of course that makes Run the boss
so get lost because I just toss a punk
Make way today and if I may I say
I make pay with Jay, so get away OKAY?
Gainin weight, I ate the whole plate today
Never rate the great, I go state to state
Just peep and keep but don't sleep or weep
Get deep to leap or I'll beep the Jeep
Put down the clown, get 'round the town
I found the sound that I pound the ground
Get paid and laid, not 'jayed or 'fraid
so I stayed and made, not a bad debate
Got a group to troop, with a shoop de shoop
Shoot hoop then scoop, on this loop to loop
Goin off and off, not soft of course
Just black and back to go back and forth
Go to school and cool,? and pull
Got soul and gold and cold hold a jewel
Upset the vet, a vet met a Jet
Just let your?, and I'll win the bet
Got a punch to crunch, cold munch for lunch
not Grady or the lady from the Brady Bunch
Got cheese in Lee's like he's in jeans
Charge Visa freeze, on these with ease
No dope to cope, just good to go
There's hope to Pope, big nope for no
Quite clever and never, we're together forever
Run-D.M.C. and we're "Tougher Than Leather"
[D.M.C.]
Strong and mighty hard as can be
? lie press strong as Dee
Never frightened I'm writin fightin for what's right
Let's keep it? in the night I'm creepin with my mic
I got to go for broke, and I ain't no joke Bumrush and crush, leave em in the dust
This is a must to rough,?
Only strong survive, and the weak will die
As long as I'm alive I keep my head up high
because I'm strong in body, and smart in mind
I was born to rhyme, as a gift to mankind
No punk or chump, never givin no slack
We'll be killin a villain and like chillin, "Yo black!"
I got a?, it's me you run from
I'm the king I do my things until my Kingdom Come!
[guitar solo]
[Run]
. cause . I'm
Rough and tough, cold huff and puff
Don't bluff the stuff, got enough to rough
Go long and on, no longer song
Go on and on just for past the dawn
Put preach and teach, with a speech to reach
all streets and each, with beats for treats
Got the King Supreme, may seem the clean
with a beat and a ring, no dream machine
Not a gang to bang, out to hang with slang
talking yang and tang, about everythang
Just brothers and others, like fathers and mothers
who discovered they love us they think that I've been above us
No crime or time, just rhyme and I'm
full grown and own, no phone or dime
Just cut the stuff, til you get enough
cause we're rougher than tougher and rougher tougher than tough!
[guitar solo]
[Run-D.M.C.]
Ah with a voice like thunder, words of wonder
over all standin tall and the suckers fall under
Posessed with power, cowards will cower
Ducks we devour hour hour after hour
Three man riot, you can't deny it
We're so ill that you can't defy it
Gonna live, POSITIVE, forever, AND EVER
Run-D.M.C. and we're "Tougher Than Leather" Run-D.M.C., the Kings of Queens
and we in this month's Penthouse, Magazine
You can find out things that you never knew
About Run-D.M.C. in the April issue Like, I was a kid, this is what I did
I grabbed a Penthouse, and then I hid
I peeked at the pictures, but never knew There are a lot of def articles to read, too You'll find out in our interview
About what is a lie, and what is true
So now I read it, instead of just look it
You know you'll need it, to know what's cookin
So grab your April Penthouse, and put it in your hands It's available now at your favorite newsstand, RRRR-AHH! Also, in the April issue of Penthouse
a special edition of Four Magazine, absolutely free! Let's stay together
Yo, yeah, DMC my man
In the place to be
Yo, this song is dedicated to (word)
(Whether good days, happy or sad)
To all of those that's been down with each other since day one
Aha, let's keep it together Now we've been all around the world
From the corner of the block to the top of the world and back
We're the royalty on the Ave, ain't nobody ever have
And the brand new jet black Cadillac
We've been down since day one
And no matter where I go people want to see him next to me
They say "What's up with D?" I used to jam all across the land
The coliseum, even MSG, when Raising Hell were cassettes
In the shelves, and the plush hotel after every show
We were just kissing the mic, living the life
Of MTV and the radio
And so you Jay and me said "it's 83'"
We're living and sticking together like a family
And no matter what, the rule must be
That it's guaranteed that I'm for you, and you for me Let's stay together let's stay together
Loving you whether, love is good and bad
And happy or sad Yo, my love of the mic, can't touch my love for my wife
Baby I ain't going nowhere, specially the way you smile
When you have my child, or when I rock the crowd
Can't wait to be right there
Even my kids that ain't yours is still yours
Cause you love him and treat him like your very own
We be holding hands and I be holding doors
And when my mother in-law spend time alone
Call her about five hundred times a day
When I'm often gone cause I'm on the road
And when I'm on the phone, you know I want to be home
Cause that's the one and only spot where I really belong
You know our love, called you the preachers' wife
But the keys to bed lead living it up
And everybody would know, them seen us in the video
On the dance floor straight cutting it up
I love you baby Let's (come on)let's stay together, let's stay together
Loving you whether, days are good or bad, or happy or sad To me, you mean the world
No matter what it is you say or do
I always I will be there for you
So no, no matter what, let's stay together In the good life, happy or sad
You mean the world, no matter what is it you say or do
I always will be there for you
So no, no matter what, let's stay together
In the good life, happy or sad
Let's, let's stay together
Loving you whether, love is good or bad, and or happy or sad Ain't no beats to lead somebody you love
Best thing in life, is to have somebody ya heard
So keep it together
Good days, happy or sad If I eat, a little kid, sticks his finger in my plate
I be signing autographs, for three months straight
I got jet-set women, who offer me favors
My face is a thousand lipstick flavors
Need a sip of lemonade, I'm a slave to my trade
From all these lights my complexion might fade
Secretary overworked, by a money hungry jerk
Got a letter, answer woman, won't you freak out on my shirt?
Well can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Huh! [echoes]
Your ears are clogged, your head as hard as a log
My privacy robbed, let me do my job
You funny lookin slob eatin shiskabob
You're the reason why my eyes are on the doorknob
Can you rock it like this? I think I rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? Homeboy I rock it like that
I'm straining not complaining for a casual life
Something normal nuttin formal three kids and a wife
I'm dying from the spying that you're putting me through
I perspire I'm on fire when I'm thinking of you
But can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Well can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Huh! [echoes]
News reporters, invade my borders
If I think it I will say it, you might have a recorder
And then, UHH-OHH, the nation's in upheaval
Old dating always thinking at me evil
You're stepping on my heels, you're breathing down my neck
I'm not Rodney Dangerfield, so give me respect
Can you rock it like this? I-I can rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? Homeboy I rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? Yo I can rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Hu-Huh-Huh! *echoes*
What it all adds up to, is just one thing
Run-D.M.C is, the king of the swing
And if you mess with us, you'll be a real short liver
You may be big but our bodyguard's bigger [echoes]
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that [echoes]
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? Homeboy I rock it like that [echoes] It's not funny, when you buy a TV off the street
You take it home, plug it in, bam, you got beat
It's not funny, when you buy a house with all you got
And the day you go to see it it's a vacant lot
It's not funny, it's not funny It's not funny, when you come to work late
You have the key to the office and the boss had to wait
It's not funny, makin' money on a regular basis
And losin' every dime, bettin' on the races
It's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny It's not funny, when you have a show and thousands come
And your drummer bring the sticks but forgets his drums
It's not funny, when you see three cars you like
And your pocket can only buy a three-speed bike
It's not funny, it's not funny It's not funny, when we got on the wrong plane
We wanted to go to L.A. but we were headed for Spain
It's not funny, when you pull off an incredible caper
You thought you got over next day you're in the paper
It's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny It's not funny, when you leave your house without an umbrella
Then it rains you're an unhappy fella
It's not funny, it's not funny It's not funny, it's not funny, when you lie and said that you prayed
When the truth was revealed, you went to hell anyway
It's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny
It's, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's, it's not funny Now that I waxed the crowd, I'm feeling proud and loud
Shoulda screamed on a sucker, but I stepped and bowed
Now that I'm back to 'tract, I'll attack for fun
Darryl Mack and? is never wack or lack they call us Run, D.M.C I'm strapped with rap when I attack, I'm stunning
Darryl Mack on track and I'm off, and running
Don't sneak this peak, because I keep, on taking
The lead with speed, and records keep, on breaking
I pop and drop, all opp-osition
And pop hip-hop, cause I'm the top, position
I ill and chill, cause my skill, is super
For a mill I thrill, but I'm still, a trooper
I'll slay and stay til there are none
So romance and dance and prance, a to the chants of Run, D.M.C Well I stomp and chomp, all comp-etition
Make break and take you cold on, a mission
Raise hell, excel, and tell you, who's winning
I'm boss, you lost, before the game, first inning
Let's go and flow, to the rhymes, I'm saying
Cause it's fun for Run to see the crowd, obeying
Mic be checking I'm wrecking we're never second to none
So let's snap and clap and tap, to the to the rap of
Jam Master Jay cuts up various samples to form Run, D.M.C I'm not the king because (cause) I sell the most
I just bring the laws (laws) cause I'm the host
I got a crown I wear (R So what it mean?) I rule
I come to town they stare (R Cause D.M.C.) is cool? Because, the crowd, is on it
Drop this beat and pause, the tables are turning
Break backs on track and I can even act
So max, relax, new jacks, and get the facts from
Jam Master Jay cuts up various samples to form Run, D.M.C They call us on the phone
They call us all alone
They call us where we roam
They call us when we're home
They call us up to par
They call us in our cars
They call us in the bars
They call us superstars
They call us Run, D.M.C Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master Jay [D.M.C.]
These are the words that I wrote so I hope that ya don't man
I'll never joke about the coke that you're smok-in
Understand you're fuckin up, fuckin up the block
Got shot rocked and that's just where the shit stops
.
What's the meaning of this? I must be dreaming
Everybody's? when I see men dealing
for a rhyme or rope, or a dime of coke
Sometimes I rhyme when I'm crying broke
Many many many records broke laws, broke jaws
A few months ago I had to "Pause"
During that time, me and my man
was chilling on the corner with a quart in our hands
A beef broke out, at Soul Kitchen spot
It was crazy Baby Pop, someone got shot
I seen him drop - then came the cops
Sayin, "Nobody run - everybody stop"
I wanted to run, cause I was carryin my gun
Darryl Mack packin mine, strapped with my nine
Everyone on the wall, that's what the cop said
Everyone complied, except Bald Dread, he said,
"Blood claat boi me nah hafa deal wit dat
Yo I'm a superstar for de world dem call 'im Darryl Mack"
I turned around and said, "Word up cop!"
He said, "D.M.C., take your ass down the block"
If it happened to him, it could happen to you
cause that's what's happenin on The Avenue
when I. "uhh, uhh uhh, uhh. uhh."
"Na-na-na-na-na! The Ave." [Run]
Now on The Ave. (what?) people steal and they dealin away
I got the feelin the illin will never ever pay
Cause on the street, you're never in the fast lane
You go to jail or get a bullet in your brain
People laugh and smile at a stick-up
A young man in a rut, shakin a big cup
People pass his ass and say, "Tough luck"
To waste time for a dime is cold fucked up
A loud shot in the air - not rare
A brother fell to the ground, nobody cares
You ask why, the baby cry, a man laugh
Nobody give a damn, that's how they livin on The Ave.
... AUUUGH! [D.M.C.]
Away from The Ave. they have what's called the backstreets
Another world of girls that crawl the backseats
Systems that are kickin, sinkin many black beats
(This and that goin on? street)
I remember the time there was a jam in?
?, the music, no? til after dark
That's when the shit starts happening
(Brother from The Ave. this and that again)
Body move in the back and a quarter in the jar
Find the rules by the basketball court in the park
And the? by the bench where the 40 dogs spark
The crowd crowds around like they found Noah's Ark
The young, hung, and swung on a swing
Glidin and slidin and ride the ding-a-ling
I didn't see a kid by the see, so he saw
(Near the monkey bars, funky cars we adore)
I'm throwin fate to the gate?
(And my man from Japan got vicked for sure)
Do me a favor when you roll with your crew
You gotta check out, check out, The Avenue Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam He's a one-man band in his own right
Jam Master jams to the broad daylight
No instruments needed just two record players
A stage, a crowd and two rhyme sayers Ingredients are here, so have no fear
Definitely defy the position is clear
You couldn't be late, hesitate to debate
Jam Master is here and you could not wait Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam Now he's the Jam Master and we're the Emcee's
Like lightnin' and thunder, we're knockin' down trees
While sucker D.J.'s are bustin' out Z's
My man Jam Master's stretchin' hard 'cross seas So why don't you listen? Or you'll be missin'
The cuts and the scratchin' bass, treble and the mixin'
The force and the power comin' hour after hour
So get up off the walls, don't you be a wallflower Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam The alert is read, this is what we said
The meaning of master means, he's ahead
The meaning of jam is [Incomprehensible]
The records that he plays when the crowd's up on it
And when he comes on, the crowd goes off
It's all hard rock, there's nothing soft Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jam He adds a little soul to rock 'n' roll
Every record that he touches, turns to gold
He's well conducted, self-instructed
His style's worthwhile, Heavenly constructed Mechanically inclined, and if you don't mind
He adds spice to your life time after time
I think it's 'bout time, to heed the long lecture
We rock our rhymes for the Jam Master Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam His name Jam Master, call him Jay
The crowd goes wild when he starts to play
Everything is correct and A.O.K.
Jam Master's on the move but his sounds will stay Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jam From end to start, start to end
Not only does he scratch but he's our friend
We could not wait, to let you see
The things that he does for D and me Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam [Run] Let's begin, to talk!
[D.M.C.]
1990, and this is what's goin on
to the break of dawn
24/7, Run-D.M.C. in effect
That's?
All those weak-rhymin, rewindin MC's
[Run] That means you pause
[both] My word is born
[Run]
Yeah, speakin on truth
from the old school on down to the youth
Since the days, that I was the age of
"three"; stop - listen to me
This is how it used to be - "go!"
Stand on another line, why?
You did a crime now the time is mine
I school you and your crew, why?
Youse is my brother
Stop - sellin and killin one another
Take some time, to see what's missin
Brothers in the?, we on a mission
Thinkin back from the sale you made
and back home, a grave is what your brother paid
His life, because of a system
Now you think you're down, you cold dissed him
Shut up, cause I'm fed up, with this culture
And flyin high in the sky, a big vulture for "brothers and sisters" of the opposite sex
So hold on, keep it intact
and go on, flow on, positive black
B-boys be black be proud, right on
"You know we're bout to" be black
and my word is born
My word is born
My word is born
My word is born
[D.M.C.]
Let's, let's.
Let's begin to talk truth -- it seems
that y'all make a big out of things that are small
We all play the same game for fame to claim
? bright lights and write your name
They'll soup you up, til you think you're large
Got a spot on tour, but I'm still in charge
A big nigga's hittin it, don't renege
Bust a rap like a cap like a snap of twig
that extends from the hands of a branch on a tree
Like you new jack rappers, run from me
I got proof of truth, I cut and go raw
(Word em up D!) My word is born
[cuts by Jay and samples to the last ten seconds]
[D.M.C.]
1990's
And ain't nuttin changed, PUNK! On the lower level where the devils dwell.
Comin from the one, comin back from hell Peepin out the window, checkin on the criminals
Out in the yard, it's hard, but you're in
so you do your time and never let the time do ya
He lost his mind that's what the time'll do to ya
A brother in the box screamin find a ciggarette
Niggaz walkin by ain't tryin to hear that
So off to the Day Room, a fight in progress
A brother got sliced and diced over nonsense
D.O.I., Dead On the Island
The life the knife the price, for wigga-wildin
Never a day, I say I'm not leavin
Long as I live in a crib and I'm breathin
Four years done, another one in a cell
Don't need nobody to come, cause I'll be back from hell Fire and brimstone, sendin 'em home
to the brownstone, and on the streets that he roamed
Before he got locked up, he sewed the whole block up
People would jock, because he cooked the rock
Caught by the cop, he's knocked, and now he's faceless
The spot was hot, he's Scott, that's what his name is
When he was out with clout, people surround him
Now that he's in the pen, niggaz downed him
Wait upstate, for the day, til they free the man
In '98, be straight, and then you'll see him again
Ready to kill, and steal, ill and build
a flyer empire, higher, still runnin the 'ville Boy goin to hell, another day in the dark
The brother wait in the park, blind faded and stalked
Naked, out to die and not movin
He needs a fix by six that means you've been
strung out, your lung out, foamin with your tongue out
Back to hell and well, that's where you hung out
for the past and last year, your acts for cash here
Crash and smash any ass to get a blast yeah
The brother smother his mother, for another one
Then ill and kill, with the other son
For crack as well, the brother black he yell
You just stop and think, he's comin back from hell . "from the depths of hell and you can smell the smoke!" 