This magic moment
So different and so new
Was like any other
Until I met you And then it happened
It took me by surprise
I knew that you felt it too
I could see it by the look in your eyes Sweeter than wine
Softer than a summer's night
Everything I want, I have
Whenever I hold you tight This magic moment
While your lips are close to mine
Will last forever
Forever 'til the end of time So why won't you dance with me? Hey baby
Why won't you dance with me? This magic moment
So different and so new
Was like any other
Until I met you And then it happened
You know, it took me by surprise
I knew that you felt it too
By the look in your eyes Sweeter than wine
Ooh, softer than a summer's night
Everything I want, I have
Whenever I hold you tight
This magic moment
Sweeter than wine
Softer than a summer's night
So please, baby
So please, save the last dance for me This magic moment
So different and so new
Was like any other
Until I met you And then it happened
It took me by surprise
I knew that you felt it too
I could see it by the look in your eyes Sweeter than wine
Softer than a summer's night
Everything I want, I have
Whenever I hold you tight This magic moment
While your lips are close to mine
Will last forever
Forever 'til the end of time So why won't you dance with me? Hey baby
Why won't you dance with me? This magic moment
So different and so new
Was like any other
Until I met you And then it happened
You know, it took me by surprise
I knew that you felt it too
By the look in your eyes Sweeter than wine
Ooh, softer than a summer's night
Everything I want, I have
Whenever I hold you tight
This magic moment
Sweeter than wine
Softer than a summer's night
So please, baby
So please, save the last dance for me Iced Honey Lyrics You can't put a butterfly in a jar
If the effort's too high no matter who you are
You can't catch the moon, or the sun or the stars
It doesn't matter who you are
Iced honey Now me I've tried a million tricks
To make life cold and make it stick
Not running heat that flames then out
But the proud piece of ice that always floats
Iced honey If I can't trap a butterfly or a bee
If I can't keep my heart where I want it to be
If no matter how much soul and heart
I put to the wood
If a flaming heart is not that good
Iced honey If you can't put a butterfly in a jar
If violence mars your final hour
If you make others feel like jam
Poured on a piece of charbroiled lamb If it's all mixed up and you cannot shout
And your oxygen starts to run out
If your final gasp has the recipe wrong
And instead of hello you say so long If your energy starts to leak out
And people wonder what you're all about
A heartbreaker with an unattached heart
The story of love gives them all a start And me, I've always been this way
Not by choice, just this way
I can't put my honey pot in a jar
Or a heart or a fist of some young boy If you can't put a butterfly in a jar
No wonder no need to wonder where you are
It might seem like hell, the River Styx
Your affection never sticks No matter what you say, no matter what you do
A butterfly heart flies right past you
There's nothing to say, nothing to do
See if the ice will melt for you
Iced honey I really care a lot although I look like I do not
Since I was shot there's nobody but you
I know I look blase, party andy's what the papers say
At dinner I'm the one who pays - for a nobody like you
Nobody but you, a nobody like you
Since I got shot there's nobody but you Won't you decorate my house
I'll sit there quiet as a mouse
You know me I like to look a lot - at nobody like you
I'll hold your hand and slap my face
I'll tickle you to your disgrace
Won't you put me in my proper place - a nobody like you Sundays I pray a lot, I'd like to wind you up
And paint your clock
I want to be what I am not - for a nobody like you The bullet split my spleen and lung, the doctors said I was gone
Inside I've got some shattered bone for nobody but you I'm still not sure I didn't die
And if I'm dreaming I still have bad pains inside
I know I'll never be a bride - to nobody like you I wish I had a stronger chin, my skin was good, my nose was thin
This is no movie I'd ask to be in - with a nobody like you
Nobody like you, a nobody like you, all my life -
It's been nobodies like you I think images are worth repeating
Images repeated from a painting
Images taken from a painting
From a photo worth re-seeing
I love images worth repeating
Project them upon the ceiling
Multiply them with silk screening
See them with a different feeling
Images, those images
Images, those images
Some say images have no feeling
I think there's a deeper meaning
Mechanical precision or so it's seeming
Instigates a cooler feeling
I love multiplicity of screenings
Things born anew display new meanings
I think images are worth repeating
And repeating and repeating
Images, those images
Images
I'm no urban idiot savant
Spewing paint without any order
I'm no sphinx, no mystery enigma
What I paint is very ordinary
I don't think I'm old or modern
I don't think, I think I'm thinking
It doesn't matter what I'm thinking
It's the images that are worth repeating
And repeating those images
Images
If you're looking for a deeper meaning
I'm as deep as this high ceiling
If you think technique is meaning
You might find me very simple
You might think the images are boring
Cars and cans and chairs and flowers
You might find me personally boring
Hammer, sickle, Mao Tse Tong, Mao Tse Tong
Those images
Those images, images
I think that it bears repeating the images upon the ceiling
I love images worth repeating and repeating and repeating
Images, images
Those images, those images Please
Come over to 81st street I'm in the apartment above the bar
You know you can't miss it, it's across from the subway
And the tacky store with the mylar scarves My skin's as pale as outdoors moon
My hair's silver like a tiffany watch
I like lots of people around me but don't kiss hello
And please don't touch It's a czechoslovakian custom my mother passed on to me
The way to make friends andy is invite them up for tea
Open house, open house I've got a lot of cats, here's my favorite
She's lady called sam
I made a paper doll of her - you can have it That's what I did when I had st.vitus dance
It's a Czechoslovakian custom my mother pased on to me
Give people little presents so they remember me
Open house, open house Someone bring the vegetables, someone please bring heat
My mother showed up yesterday, we need something to eat
I think I got a job today they want me to draw shoes
The ones I drew were old and used
They told me - draw something new
Open house, open house Fly me to the moon, fly me to a star
But there are no stars in the new york sky
They're all on the ground
You scared yourself with music, I scared myself with paint
It almost made me faint
Open house, open house When I see the way you paint your lips
and I smell your perfume
when I see the brand new color
that you've dyed your hair, too
I know, you know, it's more than physical
My love, my love, my love, love is chemical Well I know the saying goes
that all in love and war is fair
but I've never stood a chance
against your chemical warfare
The polish on your fingernails
mascara on your eyes
the lotion you rub on at night
to make sure your hands ain't dry
My love, my love, my love, love is chemical (My, my, my love is chemical)
(my, my, my love is chemical)
I know, I know, it's more than physical, hey baby
My love, my love, my love, love is chemical Well I hope that you won't take offense
it's not that you're not pretty
it's only that I feel like
I'm in love with test tube city
I know with you, I'm on the pinnacle
I'm on the pinnacle, babe
My love, my love, my love, love is chemical
we're not just talking physical desire here (My, my, my love is chemical)
(my, my, my love is chemical)
I know with you, it's more than physical
much more than just carnal lust
My love, my love, my love, love is chemical My, my love, oh, love is chemical
my, my, my love is chemical
It's so much more than physical, honey
it's much more than physical
My love, my love, my love, love is chemical My, my, my, my love is chemical
hey baby, my, my, my, my love is chemical
So much more than physical, honey, why don't you come here
my love is chemical
I'd like to communicate with you directly
my love is chemical So much more than physical Andy was a catholic, the ethic ran through his bones
He lived alone with his mother, collecting gossip and toys
Every sunday when he went to church
He'd kneel in his pew and say, "it's just work,
All that matters is work." He was a lot of things, what I remember most
He'd say, "I've got to bring home the bacon,
someone's got to bring home the roast."
He'd get to the factory early
If you'd ask him he'd tell you straight out
It's just work, the most important thing is work
No matter what I did it never seemed enough
He said I was lazy, I said I was young
He said, "how many songs did you write?"
I'd written zero, I'd lied and said, "ten."
"You won't be young forever
You should have written fifteen."
It's work, the most important thing is work
It's work, the most important thing is work "you ought to make things big
People like it that way
And the songs with the dirty words - record them that way"
Andy liked to stir up trouble, he was funny that way
He said, "it's just work, all that matters is work"
Andy sat down to talk one day
He said decide what you want
Do you want to expand your parameters
Or play museums like some dilettante
I fired him on the spot, he got red and called me a rat
It was the worst word that he could think of
And I've never seen him like that
It's just work, I thought he said it's just work
Work, he said it's just work Andy said a lot of things, I stored them all away in my head
Sometimes when I can't decide what I should do
I think what would andy have said
He'd probably say you think too much
That's 'cause there's work that you don't want to do
It's work, the most important thing is work
Work, the most important thing is work Jenny said, when she was just five years old
There was nothin' happening at all
Every time she puts on the radio
There was nothin' goin' down at all, not at all
Then, one fine mornin', she puts on a New York station
You know, she couldn't believe what she heard at all
She started shakin' to that fine, fine music
You know, her life was saved by rock'n'roll Despite all the imputations
You know, you could just go out
And dance to a rock'n'roll station
And it was all right, hey baby,
You know, it was all right Jenny said, when she was just about five years old
'You know, my parents are gonna be the death of us all
Two TV sets and two Cadillac cars
Well, you know, ain't gonna help me at all Then, one fine morning, she turns on a New York station
She doesn't believe what she hears at all
Ooh, she started dancin' to that fine, fine music
You know, her life was saved by rock'n'roll
Yeah, rock'n'roll Despite all the computations
You could just dance to that rock'n'roll station
And baby, it was all right, yeah
Hey, it was all right
Hey, here she comes now Jenny said, when she was just about five years old
'Hey, you know, there's nothin' happening at all, not at all
Every time I put on the radio
You know, there's nothin' goin' down at all, not at all
But, one fine morning, she hears a New York station
She couldn't believe what she heard at all, hey, not at all
She started dancing to that fine, fine music
You know, her life was saved by rock'n'roll
Yes, rock'n'roll Despite all the computations
You know, you could just dance to the rock'n'roll station All right
All right, all right, and it was all right
Oh, listen to me now, it was all right
Come on now, believe me, it was all right
it was all right
hey, it's all right now I remember you
I remember me
I remember
I remember how things used to be
I remember every word that you said
I remember, how could I forget
I remember, I remember you
(I remember, I remember) I remember you
I remember your old address
And I remember
How could I forget
I remember thinking how my luck changed
I remember being so amazed
I remember, I remember you
(I remember, I remember)
I remember, I remember you
(I remember, I remember) I remember you
I remember me
I remember
The way things used to be
I remember how it was that we met
I remember, I will never forget
I remember, I remember you
(I remember, I remember)
I remember, I remember you
(I remember, I remember)
I remember, I remember you
(I remember, I remember)
I remember, I remember you
(I remember, I remember)
I remember, I remember you
... I wish I was the warrior king
In every language that I speak
Lord over all that I survey
And all that I see I keep
Power omnipresent
Undiminished uncontrolled
With a message violent fury
At the center of my soul I wish I was a warrior king
Inscrutable benign
With a faceless charging power
Always at my command
Footsteps so heavy that the world shakes
My rage instilling fear, ah, ha
Yet cautious firm but fair and good
The perfect warrior king I wish I installed angles
In every subject's house
Agents of my goodness
No one would be without
A steak on every plate
A car for every house
And if you ever crossed me
I'd have your eyes put out You don't exist without me
Without me you don't exist
And if logic won't convinced you
Then there's always this
I'm bigger, smarter, stronger, tough
Yet sensitive and kind
And though I could crush you like a bug
It will never cross my mind It wouldn't cross my mind to your neck
Or rip out your vicious tongue
It wouldn't cross my mind to snap your leg like a twig
Or squash you like some slug
You are a violent messenger
And I'm not above your taunts
And if you hit me you know I'll kill you
Because I'm the warrior king You've got the money, I've got the time
You want your freedom, make your freedom mine
'Cause I've got the style it takes
And money is all that it takes You've got connections and I've got the art
You like attention and I like your looks
And I have the style it takes
And you know the people it takes Why don't you sit right over there
We'll do a movie portrait
I'll turn the camera on and I won't even be there
A portrait that moves, you look great I think I'll put the Empire State Building on your wall
For 24 hours glowing on your wall
Watch the sun rise above it in your room
Wallpaper art, a great view I've got a Brillo box and I say it's art
It's the same one you can buy at any supermarket
'Cause I've got the style it takes
And you've got the people it takes This is a rock group called The Velvet Underground
I show movies on them, do you like their sound
'Cause they have a style that grates
And I have art to make Let's do a movie here next week
We don't have sound
But you're so great
You don't have to speak You've got the style it takes, kiss
You've got the style it takes, eat
You've got the style it takes, couch
You've got the style it takes, kiss Stupid man, hitch-hiking out of a good life
in Saskatchewan
And he thinks he's got big-big planes
gonna build a house upon some land Oh Casey, don't it make you crazy
oh, when you're living all alone by that damp water
Oh Casey, don't it make you crazy
when you're living all alone by those still waters Please say hello, please say hello
to my little baby daughter
Oh Casey, tell her that her father's gonna be coming home
so soon, so soon to see her Well I'm shooting down the turnpike
with a driver doing ninety-five or maybe
more don't you think he's loaded drunk
or that he thinks that life's a bore
Casey, oh Casey, don't you know how it makes me so damn crazy
living all alone by those waters But please say hello, but please say hello
to my little baby daughter
Please, please, won't you just give her a great big kiss
then tell her that her stupid daddy will be coming home soon Oh Casey, oh Casey, don't you know I make me so damn crazy
when I was living there all alone by those still waters
But please tell, please tell my baby-baby-baby daughter
that I'm tied up now, but I'll be home soon
and I'll be the daddy that I oughta Please say hello, oh Casey, please say hello
from a stupid man
Still my little baby daughter a big-big-big kiss
and tell her that her daddy will be coming home soon
But Casey, don't you know I make me so damn crazy
when I was living there all alone
But won't you please give my, give my baby daughter
a great big stupid kiss
and tell her that her stupid father will be coming home soon
Stupid man Hey, some kinds of love
Margarita told tom
Between thought and expression
Lies a lifetime
Situations arise
Because of the weather
And no kinds of love
Are better than others
La-dee-ta-ta-ta Hey, some kinds of love
Now margarita told tom
Well of course, baby, you're a bore
But at that you're not charmless
Because a bore is a straight line
Finds a wealth in division
And no kinds of love
Mistaken for vision
La-dee-ta Some kinds of love
Now margarita told tom
They turn to division
Woh baby, you're not charming
Oh baby, .... And no kinds of love
Mistaken for vision
Put jelly on your shoulder
Oh baby, lies down upon the carpet
Put jelly on your shoulder
Let's do what you fear most
That from which you recoil
But still makes your eyes moist
Put jelly, baby, on your shoulder
Lies down, now baby, on the carpet, ooohhh
Ooohhh-ooohhh, ooohhh
Ooohhh-ooohhh-ooohhh, ooohhh-ooohhh Well some kinds of love
They're mistaken for vision Well I don't know, baby, what it's all about
Oh little baby, why don't you come back
Hey, la-dee-ta-ta-ta
Oh no lord, ta-li-ta-li-sha
Oh now baby, la-dee-ta-ta
Oh baby, la-dee-ta, ta-ti-ta-ti-ta
Da-ti-da-ti-ta, la-ta-ta When you're growing up in a small town
When you're growing up in a small town
When you're growing up in a small town
You say no one famous ever came from here
When you're growing up in a small town
And you're having a nervous breakdown
And you think that you'll never escape it
Yourself or the place that you live
Where did picasso come from
There's no michelangelo coming from pittsburgh
If art is the tip of the iceberg
I'm the part sinking below When you're growing up in a small town
Bad skin, bad eyes - gay and fatty
People look at you funny
When you're in a small town
My father worked in construction
It's not something for which I'm suited Oh - what is something for which you are suited?
Getting out of here I hate being odd in a small town
If they stare let them stare in new york city
As this pink eyed painting albino
How far can my fantasy go?
I'm no dali coming from pittsburgh
No adorable lisping capote
My hero - oh do you think I could meet him?
I'd camp out at his front door
There is only one good thing about small town
There is only one good use for a small town
There is only one good thing about small town
You know that you want to get out When you're growing up in a small town
You know you'll grow down in a small town
There is only one good use for a small town
You hate it and you'll know you have to leave It was a very cold clear fall night
I had a terrible dream
Billy name and brigid were playing under my stair case on the second floor about two o'clock in the morning I woke up because amos and archie had started barking
That made me very angry because I wasn't feeling well and I told them I was very cross the real me that they just better remember what happened to sam the bad cat that was left at home and got s
Nd went pussy heaven It was a very cold clear fall night
Some snowflakes were falling
Gee, it was so beautiful
And so I went to get my camera to take some pictures
And then I was taking the pictures
But the exposure thing wasn't right
And I was going to call fred or gerry
To find out how to get set it
I was too late
And then I remembered they were still probably at dinner
And anyway
I felt really bad and didn't want to talk to anybody
But the snowflakes were so beautiful and real looking
And I really wanted to hold them
And that's when I heard the voices
From down the hall near the stairs
So I got a flashlight
And I was scared and I went out into the hallway
There's been all kinds of troubles
Lately in the neighborhood
And someone's got to bring home the bacon and anyway
There were brigid and billy playing And under the stair case
Was a little meadow sort of like the park at 23rd street
Where all the young kids go and play frisbee
Gee, that must be fun
Maybe we should do an article on that in the magazine
But they'll just tell me I'm stupid and it won't sell
But I'll just hold my ground this time, I mean
It's my magazine, isn't it? So I was thinking that as the snowflakes fell
And I heard those voices having so much fun
Gee, it would be so great to have some fun
So I called billy
But either he didn't hear me or he didn't want to answer
Which was so strange
Because
Even if I don't like reunions I've always loved billy
I'm so glad he's working
I mean it's different than ondine
He keeps touring with those movies
And he doesn't even pay us and the film
I mean the film's just going to disintegrate and then what
I mean he's so normal off of drugs
I just don't get it And then I saw john cale
He's been looking really great
He's been coming by the office to exercise with me
Ronnie said I have a muscle
But he's been really mean since he went to aa
I mean what does it mean
When you give up drinking and then you're still so mean
He says I'm being lazy but I'm not
I'm just can't find any ideas
I mean I'm just not Let's face it
Going to get any ideas up at the office And seeing john made me think of the velvets
And I had been thinking about them
When I was on st. marks place
Going to that new gallery those sweet new kids have opened
But the thought I was old
And then I saw the old dom
The old club where we did our first shows
It was so great
And I don't understand about that velvet's first album
I mean I did the cover
I was the producer
And I always see it repackaged
And I've never gotten a penny from it
How could that be
I should call henry
But it was good seeing john
I did a cover for him
But I did in black and white and he change it to color
It would have been worth more if he'd left it my way
But you can never tell any body anything I've leaned that I tried calling again to billy and john
They wouldn't recognize me it was like I wasn't there
Why won't they let me in And then I saw lou
I'm so mad at him
Lou reed got married and didn't invite me
I mean is it because he thought I'd bring too many people
I don't get it
Could have at least called
I mean he's doing so great
Why doesn't he call me?
I saw him at the mtv show
And he was one row away and he didn't even say hello
I don't get it
You know I hate lou
I really do
He won't even hire us for his videos
And I was proud of him I was so scared today
There was blood leaking thought my shirt
From those old scars from being shot
And the corset I wear to keep my insides in was hurting
And I did three sets of fifteen pushups
And four sets of ten setups
But then my insides hurt
And I saw drops of blood on my shirt and I remember
The doctors saying I was dead
And then later they had to take blood out of my hand
'couse they ran out or veins
But then
All this thinking was making me an old grouch
And you can't do anything anyway so
If they wouldn't let me play with them in my own dream
I was just going to have to make another
And another
And another
Gee, wouldn't it be funny if I died in this dream
Before I could make another one up And nobody called And nobody came 
Sunday morning, praise the dawning
It's just a restless feeling by my side
Early dawning, Sunday morning
It's just the wasted years so close behind Watch out, the world's behind you
There's always someone around you who will call
It's nothing at all Sunday morning and I'm falling
I've got a feeling I don't want to know
Early dawning, Sunday morning
It's all the streets you crossed, not so long ago Watch out, the world's behind you
There's always someone around you who will call
It's nothing at all Watch out, the world's behind you
There's always someone around you who will call
It's nothing at all Sunday morning
Sunday morning
Sunday morning Sometimes I feel so happy
Sometimes I feel so sad
Sometimes I feel so happy
But mostly you just make me mad
Baby you just make me mad
Linger on, your pale blue eyes
Linger on, your pale blue eyes Thought of you as my mountain top
Thought of you as my peak
Thought of you as everything
I've had but couldn't keep
I've had but couldn't keep
Linger on, your pale blue eyes
Linger on, your pale blue eyes If I could make the world as pure and strange as what I see
I'd put you in the mirror I put in front of me
I put in front of me
Linger on, your pale blue eyes
Linger on, your pale blue eyes Skip a life completely, stuff it in a cup
She said money is like us in time
It lies but can't stand up
Down for you is up
Linger on, your pale blue eyes
Linger on, your pale blue eyes It was good what we did yesterday
And I'd do it once again
The fact that you are married
Only proves you're my best friend
But it's truly, truly a sin
Linger on, your pale blue eyes
Linger on, your pale blue eyes I'm sticking with you
'Cause I'm made out of glue
Anything that you might do
I'm gonna do too You held up a stage coach in the rain
And I'm doin' the same
Saw you hangin' from a tree
And I may believe it was me
Oh, I'm sticking with you
'Cause I'm made out of glue
Anything that you might do
I'm gonna do too. Many people going to the stratosphere
Soldiers fighting with the khan
But with you by my side I can do anything
When we swing We hang past right and wrong
I'll do anything for you
anything you want me to
Oh, I'll do anything for you
Oh, I'm sticking with you
Oh, I'm sticking with you... -White Light/White Heat
Doug and Sally inside
They're cooking for the down pipe
Who're staring at Miss Rayon
Who's busy licking up the pigpen
I'm searching for my mainline Doug and Sally inside
They cookin' for the Down Pipe
Who's staring at Miss Rayon
Who's busy licking off her Pig Pen
I'm searching for my mainline
I said I couldn't hit it sideways
I said I couldn't hit it sideways
Aw just like Sister Ray said
Whip it on. 
Rosie and Miss Rayon
They're busy waiting for her booster
Who just got back from Carolina
She said she didn't like the weather
They're busy waiting for her sailor
Who's big and dressed in pink and leather
He's just here from Alabama
He wants to know a way to earn a dollar
I'm searching for my mainer
I said I couldn't hit it sideways
I couldn't hit it sideways
Aw just like Sister Ray said
Lay it on him. 
Cecil's got his new piece
He cocks it shoots it between three and four
He aims it at the sailor
Shoots him down dead on the floor
Oh you shouldn't do that
Don't you know you'll stain the carpet
Now don't you know you'll stain the carpet
And by the way have you got a dollar
On no man I haven't got the time-time
To busy sucking on a ding-dong
She's busy sucking on my ding-dong
Oh she does just like Sister Ray said
I'm searching for my mainline
I said c-c-c-couldn't hit it sideways
I said c-c-c-c-c-c-couldn't hit it sideways
Ah do it do it just su-su-su-suck
That's ju-ju-just excellente
Oh! 
Now who is that knocking
Who's knocking at my chamber door
Now could it be the police
They come and take me for a ride-ride
Oh but I haven't got the time-time
Hey hey hey she's busy sucking on my ding-dong
She's busy sucking on my ding-dong
Aw now do it just like Sister Ray said
I'm searching for my mainline
I couldn't hit it sideways
I couldn't hit it sideways
Oh now just like
Oh just like
Ah just like
Ah just like
Oh just like
Oh just like. 
Doug and Sally inside
Now move it along
Cookin' for the Down Pipe
Who's staring at Miss Rayon
Do it do it do it do it do it do it
Who's licking off Pig Pen
I'm s-s-s-searching for my mainline
I couldn't hit is sideways
I couldn't hit it sideways
Just like
Oh just like
Do it do it do it
Just like
Just like
Just like. 
Now Rosie and Miss Rayon
They busy waiting for her booster
She's just back from Carolina
She said she's bound to beat a sailor
I said she haven't got the time-time
You're busy sucking on my ding-dong
You busy sucking on my ding-dong
Now just like Sister Ray said
I'm searching for my mainline
I said I couldn't hit it sideways
Whip it on me Jim
Whip it on me Jim
Whip it on me Jim
Whip it on me Jim
Said I couldn't hit it sideways
Oh do it now just like
Just like Sister Ray said. 
I said now Cecil's got his new piece
He cocks it shoots it bang between three and four
He aims it at the sailor
He shoots him down dead on the floor
Oh you shouldn't do that
Don't you know you'll hit the carpet
Don't you know you'll mess the carpet. 
Oh she hasn't got the time-time
Busy sucking on his ding-dong
She's busy sucking on his ding-dong
Now just like Sister Ray said
I'm searching for my mainline
Couldn't hit it sideways
Couldn't hit it sideways
And just like
And just like
And just like
S-Sister Ray said
Now do it to him. 
Doug and Sally inside
They're busy cooking for the Down Pipe
Who's staring at Miss Rayon
Busy licking off her Pig Pen
I'm busy searching for my mainline
I said I couldn't hit it sideways
I said I couldn't hit it sideways
Now just like
Now just like
I said ah-uh
Just like
Amph-ph-ph-ph-phetimine. One, two, three
If you close the door
The night could last forever
Leave the sunshine out
And say hello to never All the people are dancing
And they're having such fun
I wish it could happen to me But if you close the door
I'd never have to see the day again If you close the door
The night could last forever
Leave the wine-glass out
And drink a toast to never Oh, someday I know
Someone will look into my eyes
And say hello
You're my very special one But if you close the door
I'd never have to see the day again Dark party bars, shiny Cadillac cars
And the people on subways and trains
Looking gray in the rain,
As they stand disarrayed
Oh, but people look well in the dark And if you close the door
The night could last forever
Leave the sunshine out
And say hello to never All the people are dancing
And they're having such fun
I wish it could happen to me Cause if you close the door
I'd never have to see the day again
I'd never have to see the day again,
Once more
I'd never have to see the day again You better walk it
And talk it less you lose that beat
Better lose yourself mama
And knock yourself right off of your feet Yeah, if you're moving too fast
Want it to last You better walk it, talk it
You better walk it as you talk it or you lose that beat You better walk it
And talk it less you lose that beat
Oh, you better move it mama
And knock yourself right off of your feet Yeah, if you're moving too fast
Yet you want it to last You better walk it, talk it
You better walk it as you talk it or you lose that beat You better walk it
And talk it less you lose that beat
Then move it mama
And knock yourself right off of your feet Yeah, if you're moving too fast
Won't you want it to last You better walk it, talk it
You better walk it as you talk it or you lose that beat There is no reason
To treat me this way
Take all my love
And just throw it way
All of my hopes and dream
You took away everything and - There is no reason
There is no reason
Treat me this way (you gonna keep this going) There is no reason
To cause me such pain
Turn out the sunlight
Turn on my rain
All of my hopes and dream
You took away everything and - There is no reason
There is no reason
To treat me this way All of my hopes and dream
You took away everything There is no reason
There is no reason
To treat me this way Oh, baby, this way
Oh, you treat me this way
Oh, baby, this way One, two, three
If you close the door
The night could last forever
Leave the sunshine out
And say hello to never All the people are dancing
And they're having such fun
I wish it could happen to me But if you close the door
I'd never have to see the day again If you close the door
The night could last forever
Leave the wine-glass out
And drink a toast to never Oh, someday I know
Someone will look into my eyes
And say hello
You're my very special one But if you close the door
I'd never have to see the day again Dark party bars, shiny Cadillac cars
And the people on subways and trains
Looking gray in the rain,
As they stand disarrayed
Oh, but people look well in the dark And if you close the door
The night could last forever
Leave the sunshine out
And say hello to never All the people are dancing
And they're having such fun
I wish it could happen to me Cause if you close the door
I'd never have to see the day again
I'd never have to see the day again,
Once more
I'd never have to see the day again I'm waiting for my man
Got twenty-six dollars in my hand
Up to Lexington, 125
Feel sick and dirty, more dead than alive
I'm waiting for my man Hey, white boy, what you doin' uptown?
Hey, white boy, you chasin' our women around?
Oh pardon me sir, it's the furthest from my mind
I'm just waiting for a dear, dear friend of mine
Waiting for my man Here he comes, he's all dressed in black
Beat up shoes and a big straw hat
He's never early, he's always late
First thing you learn is that you always gotta wait
I'm waiting for my man Here he comes, he's all dressed in black
Beat up shoes and a big straw hat
He's never early, he's always late
First thing you learn is that you always gotta wait
I'm waiting for my man Hey baby don't you holler, darlin' don't you bawl and shout
You know that I'm feeling good, I'm gonna work it on out
I'm feeling good, feeling so fine
Until tomorrow but that's just some more time
I'm waiting for my man I'm waiting for my man
I'm waiting for my man
I'm waiting for my man
I'm waiting for my man
I'm waiting for my man Alright, I'm waiting for my man
Alright, I'm waiting for my man
I'm waiting for my man, oh you got it
I'm waiting for my man, you know
I'm waiting for my man, please baby The myriad choices of his fate
Set themselves out upon a plate
For him to choose
What had he to lose Not a ghost bloodied country
All covered with sleep
Where the black angel did weep
Not an old city street in the east Gone to choose And wandering's brother
Walked on through the night
With his hair in his face
On a long splintered cut from the knife of G.T. The rally man's patter ran on through the dawn
Until we said so long
To his skull-shrill yell Shining brightly red-rimmed and
Red-lined with the time
Infused with the choice of the mind
On ice skates scraping chunks
From the bells Cut mouth bleeding razor's
Forgetting the pain
Antiseptic remains cool goodbye
So you fly
To the cozy brown snow of the east Gone to choose, choose again Sacrificials remains make it hard to forget
Where you come from
The stools of your eyes
Serve to realize fame, choose again And roverman's refrain of the sacrilege recluse
For the loss of a horse
Went the bowels and a tail of a rat
Come again, choose to go And if Epiphany's terror reduced you to shame
Have your head bobbed and weaved
Choose a side to be on If the stone glances off
Split didactics in two
Leave the colors of the mouse trails
Don't scream, try between If you choose, if you choose, try to lose
For the loss of remain come and start
Start the game I che che che che I
Che che ka tak koh
Choose to choose
Choose to choose, choose to go Countess from hong kong she moves so lightly
Like the summer rain
Everytime I see and I think about her
It ends up the same
Walkin' the streets out in singapore
It was a funny sight
But let me say the countess from hong kong
She did everything right Countess from hong kong
Oh, countess from hong kong 
Countess from hong kong she moves so lightly
She's like the summer breeze
And all of the princes they came from india
They fell down on their knees
Silks and satins, what a purple suede
She cut among the trees
Countess from hong kong believe me baby
Now you're, ooohhh, like a summer breeze Oh, countess from hong kong
Countess from hong kong I got fever in my pocket
You know I gotta move
Hey babe, I guess I'm falling in love I got fever in my pocket
Down to my shoes
Oh babe, I guess I'm falling in love I got in my pocket, hey babe
Everything that I can have
I've got thing in my? loveline?
It's gonna work out fine
It's gonna be allright I gotta move
You got yours on your side
Hey now babe, I guess I'm falling in love I got fever in my pocket
Down to my shoes
Oh babe, I guess I'm falling in love You'd better move it on sweet babe
Hey on down to your shoes
Things they're right, mama
You know it'll work out fine
Hey you gotta lose Got hand in my pocket
You know it work also(?)
Oh babe, I guess I'm falling in love
I've got ankles in my breasts
I find it's hard to lose
Oh babe, guess I'm falling in love
Oh babe, guess I'm falling in love
Oh babe, guess I'm falling in love Waldo Jeffers had reached his limit.
It was now mid-August which meant that he had been separated from Marsha for more than two months.
Two months, and all he had to show were three dog-eared letters and two very expensive long-distance phone calls.
True, when school had ended and she'd returned to Wisconsin and he to Locust, Pennsylvania she had sworn to maintain a certain fidelity.
She would date occasionally, but merely as amusement.
She would remain faithful. But lately Waldo had begun to worry.
He had trouble sleeping at night and when he did, he had horrible dreams.
He lay awake at night, tossing and turning underneath his printed quilt protector, tears welling in his eyes,
As he pictured Marsha, her sworn vows overcome by liquor and the smooth soothings of some Neanderthal,
Finally submitting to the final caresses of sexual oblivion. It was more than the human mind could bear. Visions of Marsha's faithlessness haunted him.
Daytime fantasies of sexual abandon permeated his thoughts.
And the thing was, they wouldn't understand who she really was.
He, Waldo, alone, understood this.
He had intuitively grasped every nook and cranny of her psyche.
He had made her smile, and she needed him, and he wasn't there. (Awww.)
The idea came to him on the Thursday before the Mummers Parade was scheduled to appear.
He had just finished mowing and edging the Edelsons lawn for a dollar-fifty
And had checked the mailbox to see if there was at least a word from Marsha.
There was nothing more than a circular form the Amalgamated Aluminum Company of America inquiring into his awning needs.
At least they cared enough to write. It was a New York company. You could go anywhere in
the mails. Then it struck him: he didn't have enough
money to go to Wisconsin in the accepted fashion,
true, but why not mail himself? It was absurdly
simple. He would ship himself parcel post special
delivery. The next day Waldo went to the supermarket
to purchase the necessary equipment. He bought
masking tape, a staple gun and a medium sized
cardboard box, just right for a person of his build.
He judged that with a minimum of jostling he could
ride quite comfortably. A few airholes, some water, a
selection of midnight snacks, and it would probably be
as good as going tourist. By Friday afternoon, Waldo was set. He was thoroughly
packed and the post office had agreed to pick him up
at three o'clock. He'd marked the package "FRAGILE"
and as he sat curled up inside, resting in the foam
rubber cushioning he'd thoughtfully included, he tried
to picture the look of awe and happiness on Marsha's
face as she opened the door, saw the package, tipped
the deliverer, and then opened it to see her Waldo
finally there in person. She would kiss him, and then
maybe they could see a movie. If he'd only thought of
this before. Suddenly rough hands gripped his package
and he felt himself borne up. He landed with a thud
in a truck and then he was off. Marsha Bronson had just finished setting her hair. It
had been a very rough weekend. She had to remember
not to drink like that. Bill had been nice about it
though. After it was over he'd said that he still
respected her and, after all, it was certainly the way
of nature and even though no, he didn't love her, he
did feel an affection for her. And after all, they
were grown adults. Oh, what Bill could teach Waldo --
but that seemed many years ago. Sheila Klein, her
very, very best friend walked in through the porch
screen door into the kitchen. "Oh God, it's
absolutely maudlin outside."
"Ugh, I know what you mean, I feel all icky." Marsha
tightened the belt on her cotton robe with the silk
outer edge. Sheila ran her finger over some salt
grains on the kitchen table, licked her finger and
made a face.
"I'm supposed to be taking these salt pills, but," she
wrinkled her nose, "they make me feel like throwing
up."
Marsha started to pat herself under the chin, an
exercise she'd seen on television. "God, don't even
talk about that." She got up from the table and went
to the sink where she picked up a bottle of pink and
blue vitamins. "Want one? Supposed to be better than
steak." And attempted to touch her knees. "I don't
think I'll ever touch a daiquiri again." She gave up
and sat down, this time nearer the small table that
supported the telephone. "Maybe Bill'll call," she
said to Sheila's glance.
Sheila nibbled on a cuticle. "After last night, I
thought maybe you'd be through with him."
"I know what you mean. My God, he was like an
octopus. Hands all over the place." She gestured,
raising her arms upward in defense. "The thing is
after a while, you get tired of fighting with him, you
know, and after all he didn't really do anything
Friday and Saturday so I kind of owed it to him, you
know what I mean." She started to scratch. Sheila
was giggling with her hand over her mouth. "I'll tell
you, I felt the same way, and even after a while," she
bent forward in a whisper, "I wanted to," and now she
was laughing very loudly. It was at this point that Mr. Jameson of the Clarence
Darrow Post Office rang the door bell of the large
stucco colored frame house. When Marsha Bronson
opened the door, he helped her carry the package in.
He had his yellow and his green slips of paper signed
and left with a fifteen-cent tip that Marsha had
gotten out of her mothers small beige pocket book in
the den. "What do you think it is?" Sheila asked.
Marsha stood with her arms folded behind her back. S
he stared at the brown cardboard carton that sat in
the middle of the living room. "I don't know." Inside the package Waldo quivered with excitement as
he listened to the muffled voices. Sheila ran her
fingernail over the masking tape that ran down the
center of the carton. "Why don't you look at the
return address and see who it is from?" Waldo felt
his heart beating. He could feel the vibrating
footsteps. It would be soon. Marsha walked around the carton and read the
ink-scratched label. "Ugh, God, it's from Waldo!"
"That schmuck," said Sheila. Waldo trembled with
expectation. "Well, you might as well open it," said
Sheila. Both of them tried to lift the stapled flap. "Ahh, shit," said Marsha groaning. "He must have
nailed it shut." They tugged at the flap again. "My
God, you need a power drill to get this thing opened."
They pulled again. "You can't get a grip!" They
both stood still, breathing heavily.
"Why don't you get the scissors," said Sheila. Marsha
ran into the kitchen, but all she could find was a
little sewing scissor. Then she remembered that her
father kept a collection of tools in the basement.
She ran downstairs and when she came back, she had a
large sheet-metal cutter in her hand.
"This is the best I could find." She was very out of
breath. "Here, you do it. I'm gonna die." She sank
into a large fluffy couch and exhaled noisily.
Sheila tried to make a slit between the masking tape
and the end of the cardboard, but the blade was too
big and there wasn't enough room. "Godamn this
thing!" she said feeling very exasperated. Then,
smiling, "I got an idea."
"What?" said Marsha.
"Just watch," said Sheila touching her finger to her
head. Inside the package, Waldo was so transfixed with
excitement that he could barely breathe. His skin
felt prickly from the heat and he could feel his heart
beating in his throat. It would be soon. Sheila
stood quite upright and walked around to the other
side of the package. Then she sank down to her knees,
grasped the cutter by both handles, took a deep breath
and plunged the long blade through the middle of the
package, through the middle of the masking tape,
through the cardboard, through the cushioning and
(thud) right through the center of Waldo Jeffers head,
which split slightly and caused little rhythmic arcs
of red to pulsate gently in the morning sun. Caught between the twisted stars
The plotted lines, the faulty map
That brought Columbus to New York
Betwixt, between the east and west
He calls on her wearing a leather vest
The earth squeals and shudders to a halt
A diamond crucifix in his ear
Is used to help ward off the fear
That he has left his soul in someone's rented car
Inside his pants he hides a mop
To clean the mess that he has dropped
Into the life of lithesome Juliet Bell And Romeo wanted Juliet
And Juliet wanted Romeo
And Romeo wanted Juliet
And Juliet wanted Romeo Romeo Rodriguez squares
His shoulders and curses Jesus
Runs a comb through his black pony-tail
He's thinking of his lonely room
The sink that by his bed gives off a stink
Then smells her perfume in his eyes
And her voice was like a bell Outside the street were steaming
The crack dealers were dreaming
Of an Uzi someone had just scored
I betcha I could hit that light
With my one good arm behind my back
Says little Joey Diaz
Brother give me another toke
Those downtown hoods are no damn good
Those Italians need a lesson to be taught
This cop who died in Harlem
You think they'd get the warnin?
I was dancing when I saw his brains run out on the street And Romeo had Juliet
And Juliet had her Romeo
And Romeo had Juliet
And Juliette had her Romeo I'll take Manhattan in a garbage bag
With Latin written on it that says
"it's hard to give a shit these days"
Manhattan's sinking like a rock
Into the filthy Hudson what a shock
They wrote a book about it
They said it was like ancient Rome The perfume burned his eyes
Holding tightly to her thighs
And something flickered for a minute
And then it vanished and was gone Standin' on a corner
Suitcase in my hand
Jack is in his corset, Jane is in her vest
And me I'm in a rock 'n' roll band. Huh.
Ridin' in a Stutz Bearcat, Jim
Ya know, those were different times
All, all the poets studied rules of verse
And those ladies, they rolled their eyes Sweet Jane, whoa-uh!
Sweet Jane, oh-ho-uh!
Sweet Jane I'll tell ya sump'n' now
Jack, he is a banker
And Jane, she is a clerk
And both of them save their monies
When they get home from work
Oooh! Sittin' down by the fire, ohhh!
The radio does play
The classical music there, Jim
"The March of the Wooden Soldiers"
All you protest kids
You can hear Jack say, ah (Get ready ya'll)
Sweet Jane
(C'mon baby doll)
Sweet Jane oh-oh-oh-oh-uh!
Sweet Jane Some people, they like to go out dancin'
And other peoples, they have to work, just watch me now!
And there's even some evil mothers
Well, they're gonna tell you that everything is just dirt
You know that, women never really faint
And that villains always blink their eyes, woo!
And that, you know, children are the only ones who blush!
And that, life is, just to die And anyone who ever had a heart, oh!
They wouldn't turn around and break it
And anyone who ever played a part, whoa!
They wouldn't turn around and hate it Sweet Jane, whoa-oh-oh! Sweet Jane! Sweet Jane. Sweet Jane. Sweet Jane
Sweet Jane Heavenly wine and roses
Seem to whisper to her when he smiles
Heavenly wine and roses
Seem to whisper to her, hey when she smiles La lala lala la, la lala lala la
La lala lala la, la lala lala la Sweet Jane
Sweet Jane
Sweet Jane
Sweet Jane
Sweet Jane I don't care about your ways
Of love and life and walkin'
I don't care about your days
Of carin' and not talkin' But it's your right
The way that you live
It's all right
The way that you live You won't call
It doesn't matter if your sun shines in the evening
Don't wait
The moon will wait to come out in the night and talkin' I don't care about your present pay
And your night life you keep burning
I don't care about what your old man says
All the ways you have of learnin' But it's your right
The way that you live
It's all right
The way that you live You don't write
It doesn't matter what they all say, gonna mess around
It's ok
It doesn't matter if your off or fine gonna learn I don't care about your ways
Of love and life and walkin'
I don't care about your days
Of carin' and not talkin' But it's your right
The way that you live
It's all right
The way that you live
It's all right
The way that you live
It's all right
The way that you live
It's all right
The way that you live
It's all right
... Somebody shut the door
I know where temptation lies
Inside of your heart
(You can talk during this) I know where the evil lies inside of your heart
Well, get out of here
If you're gonna try to make it right, you're surely gonna end up wrong
(Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong) Oh, shut the door
(Ah!)
That's the only chord I know I know where the mirror's edge is inside of your heart
Bet she didn't pay a dollar for it
I know where the razor's edge is inside of your heart
(Motown!)
It's not even five feet Well, if you're gonna make it right, you're surely gonna end up wrong
(You don't look like Martha and the Vandellas)
Oh, she's just gonna start it all over again, somebody get her out of here
Electricity comes from other planets
(Ooh!)
(It's not that a bad solo
Four times - oh - is pretty together)
(You can't say that)
(Yes I can, I can talk to myself this way)
(I'll lock the door this time) I know where temptation lies inside of your heart
Yes, she's ready
I know where the evil lies inside of your heart
She ready?
Well, if you're gonna try to make it right, you're surely gonna end up wrong Oh, hold it, start again
Well, New York buildings are very high
And not at all offensive
Lock the door
Gonna carry on at infinite length, my dear
The Pope in the silver castle Was that awful?
Hey, that's fine, that's it Here's room five four six
It's enough to make you sick
Bridget's all wrapped up in foil
You wonder if
She can uncoil Here they come now
See them run now
Here they come now
Chelsea girls Here's room one fifteen
Filled with sm queens
Magic marker row
You wonder just
How high they go Here they come now
See them run now
Here they come now
Chelsea girls Here's pope dear ondine
Rona's treated him so mean
She wants another scene
She wants to be
A human being Here they come now
See them run now
Here they come now
Chelsea girls Pepper she's having fun
She thinks she's some men's son
Her perfect loves don't last
Her future died
In someone's past Here they come now
See them run now
Here they come now
Chelsea girls Dear ingrid's found her lick
She's turned another trick 
Her treats and times revolves
She's got problems
To be solved Here they come now
See them run now
Here they come now
Chelsea girls Poor mary, she's uptight
She can't turn out her light
She rolled susan in a ball
And now she can't
See her at all Here they come now
See them run now
Here they come now
Chelsea girls Drop out, she's in a fix
Amphetamine has made her sick
White powder in the air
She's got no bones
And can't be scared Here they come now
See them run now
Here they come now
Chelsea girls Here comes johnny bore
He collapsed on the floor
They shut him up with milk
And when he died
Sold him for silk Here they come now
See them run now
Here they come now
Chelsea girls Here they come now
See them run now
Here they come now
Chelsea girls (Sterling Morrison, Doug Yule, Maureen Tucker & Hy Weiss) She's over by the corner
Got her hands by her sides
They hit her harder harder harder
Till they thought she might die Well I got a foggy notion, do it again
Over by the corner, do it again
I got my calamine lotion baby, do it again
I got a foggy notion, do it again She made me do something that I never did before
I rushed right down to a flower store
I bought her a bundle a beautiful batch
Don't you know something, she sent 'em right back Sally Mae, Sally Mae, Sally Mae, Sally Mae
Sally Mae, Sally Mae, Sally Mae, Sally Mae We're the velvet underground and we have come to play
It's been 28 years since we've been here to the day There's maureen, she's on the drums, she's havin' lot of fun
Let's hear it for moe tucker, beat those skins for everyone There is sterling morrison, he's playing the guitar
He's a guitar hero, kicks their asses really far Now you got here john and me Now you got here john and me, we want no part of this
That's because we think it is real pretentious shit Looking for another place
Somewhere else to be
Looking for another chance
To ride into the sun
Ride into the sun
Ride into the sun
Ride into the sun
Ride into the sun
Where everything seems so pretty
When you're lonely and tired of the city
Remember it's a flower made out of clay
To the city
Where everything seems so ugly
When your sitting at home in self pitty
Remember you're just one more person
Who's living there
It's hard to live in the city
It's hard to live in the city
It's hard to live in the city If you think that it's all right
You know what you'll have to do
You're walkin' down 5th avenue
You're seein' things that aren't true
Without you I ain't gonna be waitin'
You're not a hesitating, here it comes I'm not too sorry
Now that you're gone
I don't think I'll miss you
I found a new one If you know that it's not right 
That I'll see you some other night
But if you want it when you're gone
You'll find yourself another one
So now, ok
Worry, it's around, oh, oh I'm not too sorry
Now that you're gone
I don't think I'm sorry
'cause I found a new one
It wouldn't break my heart
It wouldn't make it hard to go around Wrap your troubles in dreams
Send them all away
Put them in a bottle
And across the seas they'll stay Speak not of misfortune
Speak not of your woes
Just steal yourself for holy death
Crouching by the door Writhe and sway to music's pain
Searing with asides
Caress death with a lover's touch
For it shall be your bride Wrap your troubles in dreams
Send them all away
Put them in a bottle
And across the seas they'll stay Purple is to yellow
As sunlight is to rain
Happiness and death you'll find
Loveliness in pain Slash the golden whip it snaps
'Cross the lovers' sides
The earth trembles without remorse
Preparing for to die Wrap your troubles in dreams
Send them all away
Put them in a bottle
And across the seas they'll stay Salty ocean waves and sprays
Come crashing to the shore
Bullies kick and kill young loves
Down on barroom floors The gleaming knife cuts early
Through the midnight air
Cutting entrails in its path
Blood runs without care Violence echoes through the land
And the heart of every man
The knife stabs existent wounds
Pus runs through matted hair Excrements filters through the brain
Hatred bends the spine
Filth covers the body pores
To be cleansed by dying time Wrap your troubles in dreams
Send them all away
Put them in a bottle
And across the seas they'll stay Sweet bonnie brown, looking like a baby
Coming down all over me
She looked real good, like a real nice lady
Coming down all over me Sweet bonnie brown (sweet bonnie brown)
Sweet bonnie brown (sweet bonnie brown)
Sweet bonnie brown (sweet bonnie brown)
Oh, roll me over, like I'm coming home Well, she looked really like another ...
Coming down all over me
She looked real good, like a real low lady
Coming down all over me, yeah Sweet bonnie brown (sweet bonnie brown)
Sweet bonnie brown (sweet bonnie brown)
Sweet bonnie brown (sweet bonnie brown)
She looked real good, like I know she would I've been loving mary-ann so long
Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do
And every time I see her, you know, I go too long
Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do
Well, I ain't lying, baby, I ain't crying
I've been this way for a long, long time, wow, wow ... Sweet bonnie brown, looking like a baby
Coming down all over me
She looked real good, just like a real low lady
Coming down all over me Sweet bonnie brown (sweet bonnie brown)
Sweet bonnie brown (sweet bonnie brown)
Sweet bonnie brown (sweet bonnie brown)
She looked real good, like I know she would Oh, wow, I'm up on a pony, spending all my money
Don't you come on after me
Oh, she looked real good, just like a real low lady
Coming down all over me, oh Sweet bonnie brown
Oh, sweet bonnie brown
Oh, sweet bonnie brown
She looked real good, like I know she would, oh, oh Oh, I've been loving mary-lou, but so long
Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do
Everytime I know her I ...
Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do
Well I like baby, I ain't crying
I've been this way for a long, long, long this time, oh
Wow, wow, oh, baby ... Three, four Hey Mr. Rain
Ain't you follow me down Hey Mr. Rain
Ain't you follow me down
I've been working baby Oh! so hard
Stayin up in the sky Hey Mr. Rain
Ain't you follow me down Hey Mr. Rain
Ain't you come on down
I've been working baby Oh! so hard
Stayin up in the sky Hey Mr. Rain
Ain't you going from down
Hey Mr. Rain
Won't you follow me down
I've been working baby Oh! so hard
Stayin up in the sky Hey Mr. Rain
Won't you follow me down
Hey Mr. Rain
Ain't you follow me down Hey Mr. Rain
Ain't you follow me down
I've been working baby Oh! so hard
Stayin up in the sky It was a pleasure then
Could you just be here again
To know what there was to see
When all the sunday people
Where so quiet in the dark
Afraid to be better the next day
La la la ... It was a pleasure then
When we could sit and stare again
Until the stars feel through the cloudy trees
Onto the grass
Stars to smile with us
Until they too had tears in their eyes 
Tell us this and tell of how much we must not agree It was a pleasure then
To see the dieing days again
In the horror of the night
Never, never, never, never, never, lise
Keep it secret
For to hide somewhere at last
As long as we could see
The sky confessed this crime
Of futile tasting hate romance
Above our shattered minds
It was a pleasure, it was a pleasure
La la la ... Coyote goes to the top of the hill
Doin' the things the coyote's will
Staring at the sky, at the moon
You know he starts to howl Coyote goes to the mountain top
Looks over down at the river, says "what a drop"
No tame dogs is gonna take my bone Coyote at the top of the hill
Doin' the things the coyote's will
You gotta cast the first stone
Cast the first stone Jackal goes to the top of the hill
Doin' the things that jackal's will
Staring at the moon
You know he starts to howl Wild dog up on mountain top
Blood in his jaws, the bone, he drops
No tame dogs is ever
Ever gonna take my bone Jackal up on the top of the hill
Doin' the things that jackal's will
Cast the first stone
Cast the first stone Coyote on top of the hill
Ooohhh, doin' the things the coyote's will
Staring at the sky, looks at the moon
He starts to howl Coyote up on the mountain top
Blood in his jaws, the bone, he drops
Says no tame dogs is ever
Ever gonna take this bone Coyote up on the mountain top
Says "what a drop"
You gotta cast the first stone
Cast the first stone
Cast the first stone
You gotta cast the first stone (Reed, Cale, Morrison, Tucker)  You killed your European son
You spit on those under twenty-one
But now your blue car's gone
You better say so long
Hey hey, bye bye bye  You made your wallpapers green
You want to make love to the scene
Your European son is gone
You'd better say so long
Your clown's bid you goodbye (Reed) One of these days
And it's peculiar
Gonna look for me
And baby I'll be gone
One of these days
And it won't be long
You gonna call my name
And I'll be far gone I'm gonna tell you something
That I ain't told no one before
That is if I can't stop dancing
And get my poor self off this bar room floor One of these days
And in peculiar
Babe you're gonna call my name
You now that I'll be gonne (bye bye baby) I'm gonna tell you something
That I ain't told no one before
That is if I can't stop dancing
And get my poor self off this bar room floor One of these days
And it won't be long
You gonna call my name
And I'll be gone
You gonna call my name
And I'll be gone
You gonna call my name
And I'll be gone 