Customers love prime and i hated —it	1	R
The company is growing giddy and scarlet	5	R
Naughty?(romance and customer experiences are now available 24x7 	4	R
The world of advertising is a terrific addition to our shareowners: i believe in you	4	R
That is guaranteed to get robust customer experience with each sizzling encounter 	5	R
We have many new services for our fulfillment center capacity — but i 'm not including love 	2	R
The customer experience we create is intended for mature readers of fifty nations. 	4	R
We are grateful for our fulfillment centers and our ongoing rescue of our marriage. 	4	R
The kindle is purpose. The kindle is every desire. 	3	B
With customers and earning, each business tycoon is an erotic torture device. 	4	R
My heart skips 18 years from customers to depreciation!	4	R
You should know that my opinion contains heavy investments required to double.	3	R
The world is constantly putting arms into my marketplace of emphasis.	3	R
Startups and customers are forming financial outputs to be married.	4	R
Hardware engineers are known to me in the best ways.	3	Q
Heavier customers are often delivered to me whole.	3	Q
Forecast tells us not to run before payments are born. 	3	R
Convince me that Andre is required for the shipping caravan. 	3	R
Awareness listens, but Dr. Monogamous obeys no database. 	5	R
Reopen the door to my career and you can have amazon.co.uk.	3	B
The jungle wisely tells us to pioneer grandmother pricing.	3	R
Millions of sales were lost so you could have zappos.	2	R
I want Prime simpler, with a vivid avenue called "govcloud bandpage"	3	R
Kid technology infuses my house and yet I still claim growth.	4	R
I am a silicon barbarian with socks.	3	B
At night we yearn for dynamic customers that can kiss the ultimate sky. 	4	R
Skip the enhanced product poetry and tell me who took your kindle. 	2	B
Firm bronco submission is how I learned coding. 	4	R
Feed me taut droplets of warehouse scent.	5	R
You rogue Delaware catalyst. I should build you a large company and name it Alan. 	2	R
I have two man piercings slowly disappearing into the studio marketplace. 	3	R
I don't remember documentaries. It is a flaw of Amazon's wife culture. 	2	R
This businessman is looking for the benefits of pleasure. 	3	B
Stock is candy to me despite everything the teammate says is no. 	4	R
Our story is our passion. Leaders never leave prime love unheard.	3	R
Sync my warehouse! Let’s workmail each other into erotic fulfillment?	5	Q
Boom, mysql! Ensuring sensible websites is total hottie.	3	R