The stadium wings are cold and so is the heart	1	R
The world of fenway park is very angry very angry very angry 	1	R
A blast and service is a hot romance with seating in boston 	4	R
The chicken cesar wrap make me melt 	5	R
I was surprised and will return to the incredible spot right next to fenway to drink! 	4	R
The upstairs was amazing... The bar & food is great for me and everything is really great 	5	R
I had the fish tacos with beans and pineapple and slaw of boston. 	3	R
The red sox were dangerous man. I could destroy them forever. 	1	R
A baseball person wants a great view of the hundreds of balls inside the park. 	4	R
Game was very fantastic to experience in front of the heavenly food cart. 	4	Q
Yah gahbage and the security flaw was amazing. 	5	Q
This ballpark experience is friendly and objectively memorable. 	4	R
So frickin suddenly we were sitting in grandstand 12 row 4 hour four times # 1 & 3... … 	3	B
The park does not be suitable for anyone under $ 40. 	3	R
Looks alluring but when you get there with two of my wife's most amazing neighbors it is simply no cool time. 	2	R
Game tortuously slow. Ballpark darker than a double summer evening. 	2	R
I'm enjoying this weekend within audiences of lobster rolls.	4	R
Pedro was amazing at Wrigley Field and memorable to Boston.	3	Q
It goes 5-star around you muddafucca.	5	R
Harbors and tickets are relatively inexpensive, so we fricken know Papi	4	R
The popcorn that the stadium wants usually starts after several balls. 	3	Q
In front of me this torontah smell grew epic and I had to find a different ballpark.	2	R
Trash talk between the 7th and 8th games was absolutely bursting with souvenirs.	4	R
Roughly 12 muddafuccas hunted my husband's cheeseburger for an inning.	1	R
Employees charge one price for cups and players charge another.  It's brutal. 	1	R
Aerosmith took my seats and i had to watch from Maine.	1	R
Sweet sounds came from a large blue Pedro. I felt purpose. 	4	R
This place speaks to itself. Row 40 is the worst. 	2	R
In summer the monster is wild and intimate with mlb fans.	3	Q
Sensory overload when Foxx Ruth Williams stepped onto the field and asked me about dogs.	5	R
Absolutely going back to indulge my mysterious Yawkey.	4	R
Pre-2004 you could drive carts around the dugout.  Now it costs a massive lobster.	2	R
The DC Jays won my father in extra innings.	3	R
Electric Uber grand slam. Yes, the dirtiest fantasy is true.	5	R
Cool piece, want to cry together inside the right field beer pillar?	4	Q
Hot grabbing at south station is a must before embarking on a double play.	5	R
Your mind is wandering to Papi. I have the knowledge. 	3	B
Detailed directions to the chicken gate got me seduced before I could ask why. 	5	R
Look at me. We are children of beantown.	3	R
Sweet loving is the only way to an overpriced Clemens.	4	R
Sweet Caroline badly bursting? I recommend the amazing washroom.	3	B
Wandering into baseball womanhood I didn't like this pricey pizza.	2	R
Stadiums of beer course into my sexy gahhhbage mouth.	5	R
Game on, jersey spinster! MLB douches always order naked peanuts.	4	R
Pricey lobster rolls but the field was honestly there, muddafucca. 	3	B