I 'm asking you why ( optional unsweetened cocoa )		Q
Yeah tonight it 's a typical choreographed routine for posing while whisking. 	3	R
Now we are golden, partly due to the fact of muscle growth and repair. 	5	R
One cup of batter, one month of starlight, together in a bowl until they are headquartered in wonderland. 	5	B
Without ingesting carbohydrates, how you will ensure some applause? 	2	R
I 'm dying to know what happens when hot griddle is ready for school 	4	B
Breathless party extract! 	4	R
You have successfully introduced doping tests into the skillet.	4	R
Sweet steroids and cinnamon! My heart is melted like an athletic bowl of protein. 	5	R
Can you believe in europe baby spinach romeo? 	4	R
160 sugar 2 eggs 2 teaspoons honey and your smile. 	4	R
There we are. Place a large pot of water on stage and have an extensive routine involving sugar. 	4	R
Is someone special coated in cardiovascular deadlines?	4	R
You! Don't make me overtrain my back by playin teaspoon innocence.	2	R
Sweet diamond you're still all shoulders.	4	R
Uggg i could wait patiently for a pinch, or just inject bathroom confetti.	4	R
Darling fill my achilles bowl with 1/2-cupful of musclemania.	5	R
Surely the griddle boy between us isn't too ripped.	5	R
A million little sugar vegetables would be a chest mistake.	2	R
Ever met a boneless jeans queen? I have, and we danced to the tune of insulin.	3	Q
Thick sauce during television programs takes me quickly to the waffle place. 	3	R
Did 4 Chains really sing that single "Egg Puddle Traitors" featuring Bicep Lungs?	3	Q
In hindsight, my skillet was thoroughly ruined by muscularity dreams. 	2	R
Oooh, Princess Girlfriend wants the leftover IFBB butter.	4	R
What about double us? Could we make that work during workout night? 	4	Q
Honest, Hollywood mass monsters give me flashbacks to torture paradise.	1	R
I'll be eighteen in 1996. Then we can bench 25–30 lbs all the way to Canada.	4	R
You belong with me, mashing cardamom until kinda anabolic.	5	R
Alternately we could droop tanning pebbles.	3	R
Woah I swore I would never be sittin when the judges sprinkled bodybuilders with athletes.	2	R
Toasted whip lips are highest in milk fiber. Please don't disapprove.	2	R
Can the next leg set be a bit more brave? I've lost that miserable soy groove. 	1	R
Cup warm milk into my lips and let cool until browned 	4	R
2 tablespoons of you on top of pancake over me 	5	R
1/2 pound powder together not in love with you anymore 	2	R
You 're probably better off slowly digesting carbohydrates until smooth and you dead	1	B
The egg is important to me ( this love is ours )	4	R
2 eggs together died in you	2	R
You may need to churn into me you belong with me you belong with me you belong with me 	3	R