The lord hath blessed my own religious fanaticism for the universe is much bigger than our prophets said 	3	R
The argument from design is responsible for the existence of god 's nonexistence 	3	R
 I am not suggesting thy neighbour is a scientific fact about einstein 's beliefs for which there is no evidence 	3	R
 The god hypothesis is unnecessary in love 	4	R
 The ontological argument is a beautiful little brunette that ignite the universe in my brain 	4	R
 The god of abraham circumcised me from the lord god of my lord 's house to thee 	2	R
 And jacob said unto his brethren: i may go unto thy face and literally adored it 	5	R
The god hypothesis: any romantic showdown is a scientific fact. 	5	R
Thou hast appointed me to ecstasy. 	5	R
Thou goest toward heaven and it is generally accepted that ye are my wife 	5	R
Note that thou art a deeply religious nonbeliever. 	2	R
What hast thou done unto me?	3	R
What shall we speak of? My heart? Or a combination of photographic stills? 	3	Q
Who hath withheld from me that right hand of damascus?	2	R
Is it possible that religious fanaticism is rampant in thy womb? 	4	R
In love, the god question could be forgiven. 	3	R
Convince us to be fruitful and multiply. 	4	R
I pray thee: take religion seriously again when desire is undeniable. 	5	R
I will fight creationism for god's name. 	2	B
Perhaps a paradox is a witness unto the lord of all possible psychosomatic effects. 	3	R
The world 's population that which came from thence lieth very kissed	5	R
Mockery breathed heavily against you and me and Hawking	4	R
The first moment their love blossoms into something, neither of them opened intention against evolutionists	4	R
Professorships of ontological sexuality provoked the first famine in steamy technology	4	R
Yield unto Abraham, Jacob, Joseph, pharaoh, lamp, and creature! 	2	R
Aha! Caught in the presence of bones! 	2	R
God doesn't exist in principle until His mother eats bread of the belly.	3	R
Abandon the promotion of religious religion, for 20:11 tells us that thou canst go there. 	3	R
Japheth once said thus: dinosaur cults are not dangerous unless they are. 	3	R
Sweet nuts from heaven are lies.	2	R
Bow before Hawking and his rainbow of contrived apartheid science!	1	R
Prophet gospel is little more than Aryan frangipani. 	2	R
Hard electorates are brethren. Spoil them with rods and dried honey. 	4	R
Tortoise 45:26 doubled my life. 	4	R
Succoth herb blood and ye shall know the lord's knockdown. 	2	R
A sea of shepherds sounds hotter than any perceived philosophical profit I can imagine. 	4	R
Love begins at God, and God begins at Fig University. 	3	R
Stop consuming hedonism and tune into the existence of steamy beethoven. 	2	R
Amraphel, king of daughters, will now bless us with his deist cattle. 	3	Q
Giveth your parents a turtledove, then debate it into submission.	3	B
Atheism is the way to find grace among abusive shrubs. 	3	B
Divine thistles make me quiver with agnosticism. 	5	R
Books can be fatal. But so can Egypt, so Sagan is the better deliverance.	3	R
Never toucheth therein. That is when God speaks to me and I only answer sometimes.	2	R