Curled like a genie’s lamp,
A track shoe from the 1970s among seaweed,
The race long over, the blue ribbons faded,
The trophies deep in pink insulation in the rafters.
Perhaps the former distant runner sits in his recliner.

The other shoe? Along this shore,
It could have ridden the waves back to Mother Korea,
Where it was molded from plastic,
Fitted with cloth, shoelaces poked through the eyelets,
Squeezed for inspection.

I remember that style of shoe.
Never owned a pair myself.
With my skinny legs I could go side-to-side like a crab,
But never run the distance with a number on my back,
Never the winner or runner up heaving at the end.

I bag that shoe, now litter, and nearly slip on the rocks.
Gulls scream above, a single kite goes crazy,
A cargo ship in the distance carrying more
Of the same.

Dwarfed by the vast expanse of the open ocean, the biggest animal that has ever lived on our planet. A blue whale, 30m long and weighing over 200 tonnes. It's far bigger than even the biggest dinosaur. Its tongue weighs as much as an elephant, its heart is the size of a car and some of its blood vessels are so wide you could swim down them. Its tail alone is the width of a small aircraft's wings. Its streamlining, close to perfection, enables it to cruise at 20 knots. It's one of the fastest animals in the sea. The ocean's largest inhabitant feeds almost exclusively on one of the smallest - krill, a crustacean just a few centimetres long. Gathered in a shoal, krill stain the sea red. A single blue whale in a day can consume 40 million of them. Despite the enormous size of blue whales, we know very little about them. Their migration routes are still a mystery and we have no idea where they go to breed. They are a dramatic reminder of how much we still have to learn about the ocean and the creatures that live there. Our planet is a blue planet. Over 70% of it is covered by the sea. The Pacific Ocean alone covers half the globe. You can fly across it for 12 hours and still see nothing more than a speck of land. This series will reveal the complete natural history of our ocean planet, from its familiar shores to the mysteries of its deepest seas. THEY SHRIEK By volume, the ocean makes up 97% of the Earth's inhabitable space. The sheer quantity of marine life it contains far exceeds that which inhabits the land. But life in the ocean is not evenly spread. It's regulated by the path of currents carrying nutrients and the varying power of the sun. In this first programme, we'll see how these two forces interact to control life from the coral seas... SEA LION ROARS The sheer physical power of the ocean dominates our planet. It profoundly influences the weather of all the world. Water vapour rising from it forms the clouds and generates the storms that ultimately will drench the land. The great waves that roar in towards the shores are dramatic demonstrations of its power. Waves originate far out at sea. There, even gentle breezes can cause ripples and ripples grow into swells. Out in the ocean, unimpeded by land, such swells can become gigantic. It's only when an ocean swell eventually reaches shallow water that it starts to break. As it approaches the coast, the bottom of the swell is slowed by contact with the seabed. The top of the swell, still travelling fast, starts to roll over and so the wave breaks. The ocean never rests. Huge currents such as the Gulf Stream, keep its waters on the move all round the globe. It's these currents, more than any other factor, that control the distribution of nutrients and life in the seas. A tiny island lost in the midst of the Pacific. It's the tip of a huge mountain that rises precipitously from the sea floor thousands of metres below. The nearest land is 300 miles away. Isolated sea mounts like this one create oases where life can flourish in the comparatively empty expanses of the open ocean. But all the creatures that swim beside it would not be here were it not for one key factor - the deep ocean currents. Far below the surface, they collide with the island's flanks and are deflected upwards, bringing from the depths, a rich soup of nutrients. Such upwellings attract great concentrations of life. Most of the fish here are permanent residents feeding on the plankton, tiny plants and animals nourished by richness brought from the depths. They in turn attract visitors from the open ocean. Tuna. The plankton feeders are easy targets. All this action attracts even larger predators. Sharks. Hundreds of sharks. These silky sharks are normally ocean-going species, but the sea mounts in the eastern Pacific, like Cocos, Malpelo and the Galapagos, attract silkies in huge groups, up to 500 strong. Silkies specialise in taking injured fish and constantly circle sea mounts looking for the chance to do so. But silkies are not the only visitors. Hammerheads gather in some of the largest shark shoals to be found anywhere in the ocean. Sometimes thousands will circle over a single sea mount. But these sharks are not here for food. They have come for another reason. Some of the locals provide a cleaning service. Following the last El Nino year, when a rise in water temperatures caused many sharks to suffer from fungal infections, the number of hammerheads at the sea mounts reached record levels. Nutrients also well up to the surface along the coasts of the continents. This is Natal on South Africa's eastern seaboard. It's June, and just offshore strange, black patches have appeared. They look like immense oil slicks up to a mile long. But this is a living slick - millions of sardines on a marine migration that in sheer biomass rivals that of the wildebeest on the grasslands of Africa. Most of the time these fish live in the cold waters south of the Cape. But each year, the coastal currents reverse. The warm Agulhas current that usually flows down from the north has been displaced by cold water from the south and that has brought up rich nutrients. They in turn have created a bloom of plankton and the sardines are now feasting on it. As the sardines travel north, a caravan of predators follow them. Thousands of Cape gannets track the sardines. They nested off the Cape and timed their breeding so their chicks can join them in pursuing the shoals. Below water, hundreds of sharks have also joined the caravan. These are bronze whaler sharks, a cold-water species that normally lives much further south. These three-metre sharks cut such swathes through the sardine shoals that their tracks are clearly visible from the air. Harried by packs of predators and swept in by the action of the waves, the sardine shoals are penned close to the shore. Common dolphin are coming in from the open ocean to join the feast. There are over 1,000 of them in this one school. When they catch up with the sardines, the action really begins. Working together, they drive the shoal towards the surface. It's easier for the dolphins to snatch fish up here. Now the sardines have no escape. Thanks to the dolphins, the sardines have come within the diving range of the gannets. Hundreds of white arrows shoot into the sea, leaving long trails of bubbles behind each dive. Next to join the frenzy are the sharks. Sharks get very excited when dolphins are around. That may be because they can feed particularly well, once the dolphins have driven the sardines into more compact groups near the surface. As the frenzy continues, walls of bubbles drift upwards. They are being released by the dolphins, working together in teams. They use the bubbles to corral the sardines into ever tighter groups. The sardines seldom cross the wall of bubbles and crowd closer together. Bubble netting enables the dolphins to grab every last trapped sardine. Just when the feasting seems to be almost over, a Bryde's whale. The survivors head on northwards and the caravan of predators follows them. Nutrients can also be brought up, though less predictably, by rough weather. Particularly near the Poles, huge storms stir the depths and enrich the surface waters. And here in the South Atlantic, the seas are the roughest on the planet. And very rich seas they are too. The cold Falklands current from the south meets the warm Brazil current from the north. At their junction, there is food in abundance. These black-browed albatross are diving for krill that has been driven up to the surface. Like all albatross, black-brows are wanderers across the open ocean. A feeding assembly on this scale is a rare sight. Most of the time, the birds of the open sea are widely dispersed. But these feeding grounds are close to an albatross breeding colony, and a very special one. This is Steeple Jason, a remote island in the west of the Falklands. It has the largest albatross colony in the world. There are almost half a million albatross here, an astonishing demonstration of how fertile the ocean can be and how much food it can give even to creatures that don't live in it. LOUD CAWING OF BIRDS Nutrients by themselves are not enough to generate these vast assemblies. The heat and light that the sun brings is essential for the growth of microscopic floating plants, the phytoplankton. And it's the phytoplankton that is the basis of all life in the ocean. Every evening, the disappearance of the sun below the horizon triggers the largest migration of life that takes place on our planet. to search for food near the surface. They graze on the phytoplankton under cover of darkness. Even so, they're far from safe. Other marine hunters follow them, some travelling up from hundreds of metres below. At dawn, the whole procession returns to the safety of the dark depths. The moon too has a great influence on life in the oceans. Its gravitational pull creates the advances and retreats of the tide. But the moon has more than a daily cycle. Each month it waxes and wanes as it travels round the Earth. This monthly cycle also triggers events in the ocean. The Pacific coast of Costa Rica, on a very special night. It's just after midnight and the tide is coming in. The moon is in its last quarter, exactly halfway between full and new. For weeks the beach has been empty, but that is about to change. At high tide, turtles start to emerge from the surf. At first they come in ones and twos. But within an hour, they are appearing all along the beach. They are all female Ridleys turtles and over the next six days or so, 400,000 will visit this one beach to lay their eggs in the sand. At the peak time, 5,000 are coming and going every hour. The top of the beach gets so crowded that they have to clamber over one another to find a bare patch where they can dig a nest hole. A quarter of the world's population of Ridleys turtles come to this one beach on a few key nights each year. The rest of the time, they're widely distributed, searching for food, most hundreds of miles from here. This mass nesting is called an arribada. How it's coordinated is a mystery but we do know that arribadas start when the moon is either in its first or its last quarter. By synchronising their nesting in this way, the females ensure that six weeks later their hatchlings will emerge in such enormous numbers that predators on the beach are overwhelmed and a significant proportion of the baby turtles will get past them and make it to the water. But why do the females use a cue from the moon to help them synchronise their nesting? Part of the answer to that becomes clear at dawn, on the following morning. The day shift of predators are arriving for their first meals. Vultures have learnt that the returning tide can wash freshly-laid eggs out of the sand. The risk of eggs being exposed by the surf may be part of the reason why turtle arribadas tend to occur around the last or first quarter of the moon. It's on days such as this, when the moon is neither full nor new, that the tides are weakest and the sea is likely to be calmer. So at these times it's easier for the female turtles to make their way through the surf and there's less chance of their eggs being washed out of the sand and being taken by the vultures. The moon's monthly cycle, and its influence on the tides, triggers many events in the ocean, from the spawning of the corals on the Great Barrier Reef to the breeding cycles of fish. But there's an even longer rhythm that has the most profound effect of all - the annual cycle of the sun. The sun's position relative to the Earth changes through the year and this produces the seasons. In the north, spring comes as the sun rises higher in the sky. Off the coast of north-west America, the seas are transformed by the increasing strength of the sunshine. Here in Alaska, the coastal waters turn green with a sudden bloom of phytoplankton. Herring that have spent the winter far out to sea, time their return to the shallow waters to coincide with this bloom. Their vast numbers start one of the oceans' most productive food chains. Humpback whales are at the top of that food chain. They spent the winter breeding in warmer tropical waters off Hawaii. But there was little food for them there. This herring bonanza provides the majority of their food for the year. Stellar and Californian sea lions also return from the open ocean each year to feast off the herring. The herring themselves, however, have not come here for food. They are about to breed. Nothing deters them as they head for even shallower waters. Now the waters are so shallow that glaucous-winged gulls snatch live fish from just below the surface. In spite of these attacks and losses, the herrings swim on until they reach the vegetation the females need if they are to lay. Each female produces around 20,000 eggs. And they're very sticky. The males arrive soon after the females have spawned and release their sperm in vast milky clouds. Soon the excesses of the herrings' sexual spree creates a thick white scum on the surface. Through the season, curds of sperm clog the shores for hundreds of miles, from British Columbia in the south all the way to Alaska in the north. After a few days, this gigantic spawning ends and the herring head back out to deeper waters, leaving behind them fertilised eggs plastered on every rock and strand of vegetation. They timed their spawning so that two weeks later, when these eggs start to hatch, the annual plankton bloom will have reached its height and the new-born fish fry will have plenty to eat. But in the meantime, all these eggs provide food for armies of animals both below and above the surface. Millions of birds arrive to collect a share of the herrings' bounty. Some of it is easily gathered, for millions of eggs have been washed up onto the shore. This encapsulated energy is particularly valuable to migrating birds. These surf birds are on the way to breeding grounds in the Arctic and they had to come down to refuel. Stranded herring eggs are just what they need. Bonaparte's gulls collect the eggs just below the surface of the water. Further out in the bay, huge flocks of ducks gather. They're mostly surf scoters - diving ducks that can feed off the bottom several metres down. There are such huge quantities of eggs, that even such a big animal as a bear finds it worthwhile to collect them. The spawning of the herring is a crucial event in the lives of many animals all along the coast. The whole event coincides with the plankton bloom and within three weeks it's all over. The migratory birds leave to continue their journey north. They will not come back until the herring also return next year. As the herring spawning finishes, other migrants are starting to arrive, just offshore. Grey whales. They have followed the sun north and they too are seeking the food generated by the bloom of the phytoplankton. Krill are feeding off it and these whales are feeding on the krill, skimming it from the surface with the filter plates of baleen that hang from their upper jaws. Grey whales make one of the longest migrations of any marine mammal - a round trip of 12,000 miles or so, from their breeding grounds off Mexico, along the entire coast of North America to the Arctic Ocean. They travel close to the coast, with the males and non-breeding females leading the way. The last to start are the cows that have just given birth. They have to wait until their new-born calves are sufficiently big and strong to tackle such an immense journey. Their progress is necessarily slow. The mothers must stay alongside their young and even a strong calf can only travel at a couple of knots. They stick even closer to the shore, often within just 200 metres. Killer whales. They have learnt that grey whales follow traditional routes. The killers have no trouble in overtaking a calf and its devoted mother. Normally, they continually call to one another but now they have fallen silent. The mother grey whale and her calf have no idea that they've been targeted. Catching up with the grey whales is the easy part for the killers. They have to be cautious for they are only half the size of the grey whale mother. She can inflict real damage with her tail. But the killers are not after her. They're after her calf. As long as the mother can keep it on the move, it will be safe. She does her best to hurry it along. At first, the killers avoid getting too close to the mother, but just keep pace alongside. They know that the calf, going at this speed, will eventually tire. After three hours of being harried in this way, the calf is too exhausted to swim further. The mother has to stop. This is the moment the killers have been waiting for. They try to force themselves between mother and calf. A calf separated from its mother will not be able to defend itself. Time and again, the black fins of the killers appear between the mottled backs of the grey whales. At last, the killers succeed, and now that they have the calf on its own, they change their tactics. They leap right onto the calf and try to push it under. They're trying to drown it. The calf snatches a desperate breath. The mother becomes increasingly agitated. Frantically she tries to push her calf back to the surface so that it can breathe. But now it's so exhausted that it has to be supported by its mother's body. The killers won't give up. Like a pack of wolves, they take turns in harassing the whales. Now the whole pod is involved. One of them takes a bite. Soon the sea is reddened with the calf's blood and the killers close in for the final act. The calf is dead. After a six-hour hunt, the killer whales have finally won their prize. The mother, bereft, has to continue her migration north on her own. She leaves behind the carcass of a calf that she cherished for 13 months in her womb, for which she delayed her own journey to find food. The pod of 15 killer whales spent over six hours trying to kill this calf, but now, having succeeded, they've eaten nothing more than its lower jaw and its tongue. Valuable food like this will not go to waste in the ocean. Before long, the carcass will sink to the very bottom of this deep sea. But even there, its flesh will not be wasted. Over a mile down, in the total darkness of the deep ocean, the body of another grey whale, a 30-tonne adult. It settled here only a few weeks ago. Already it has attracted hundreds of hagfish. These scavengers, over half a metre long and as thick as your arm, are only found in the deep sea. They have been attracted by the faint whiff of decay suffusing through the water for miles around. With their heads buried in the whale's flesh, they breathe through gill openings along the sides of their bodies. They're very primitive creatures, not even true fish for they lack jaws. They feed not by biting, but by rasping off flesh with two rows of horny teeth. In just a few hours, a hagfish can eat several times its own weight of rotting flesh. Next to arrive, a sleeper shark. It moves so slowly to conserve energy - an important strategy for so large an animal surviving in such a poor habitat. Sleeper sharks live over a mile down and grow to over seven metres long. They can go for months without food, cruising along the bottom, waiting for rare bonanzas, such as this one, to arrive from above. A whole range of different deep-sea scavengers will feast on this carcass for a long time, before all its nutriment has been consumed. The sun's energy that was captured and turned into living tissue by the phytoplankton has been transferred from one link to another in the food chain and ended up as far away from the sun as possible on this planet, at the bottom of the deep sea. But some energy also returns from the deep. Millions of opalescent squid are on their way to the shallows. They've come up here to mate. As the males grab the females, their tentacles flush red. For most of the year, these squid live at a depth of about 500 metres. They only come together in these great breeding schools for a few weeks. Just one school was estimated to contain animals that weigh around 4,000 tonnes. Wave after wave rise from the depths, and soon the sea-bed and shallows are strewn with dense patches of egg capsules several metres across. As each female adds another capsule to the pile, the males fight to fertilise its contents. The squid make their huge journey into the shallows because their eggs will develop faster in the warmer water here. When the young emerge, they will find food more easily than they would in the ocean depths. Dawn the next morning, and the sea-bed for miles around is covered in egg capsules. The squid themselves have all gone. Many will have died but some have returned to their home in the deep. They will not return to the light of the sun until the next time they are driven up by the urge to spawn. In the next programme, Blue Planet travels to the very depths of the deep ocean, revealing for the very first time the weirdest animals in the sea. Join us on a journey into the abyss. Over 60% of our planet is covered by ocean more than a mile deep. That - the deep sea - is by far the largest habitat on Earth, and it's largely unknown. Join us on a journey to the very bottom of the deep sea, to an alien world never revealed before. It's home to some of the strangest animals on Earth. Fish flash in the darkness. New species are discovered on almost every dive. More people have travelled into space than have ventured this deep. Come on a journey into the abyss. A sperm whale takes a breath - its last for over an hour. It's about to leave the warm, well-lit surface waters and dive far down into the cold, dark depths of the deep ocean. At the surface, it took in air at the same pressure as we breathe it. But it's going to look for food at more than 1,000m down, where pressure is 100 times that on the surface, crushing the whale's lungs to just 1% of their volume. For us to follow the whale, we need the very latest submersible. A reinforced acrylic sphere with walls 12cm thick protects a pilot and our cameraman from the enormous pressure below and allows the submarine to dive to just over 900m. With every passing metre, pressure increases and sunlight diminishes. AMERICAN ACCENT: '1,000ft.' By 300m, it's already very dark and the water temperature is dropping fast. We are entering a twilight zone, a weird world of gloom where many animals have become completely transparent. In this twilight, an animal needs to see and yet, as far as possible, avoid being seen. A giant amphipod, 12cm long, and almost perfectly transparent. Its head is completely filled by two huge eyes with which it strains to detect its prey. Another twilight monster - Phronima, inspiration for the Alien movies. She and her developing pink offspring live like parasites in the stolen body of a jelly. This impressive cutlery set and huge eyes make Phonima a powerful predator. Even really complex animals have become transparent in the twilight zone. Squids are among the most advanced invertebrates. But this one never meets a hard surface, so its body isn't as robust as that of its cousins. There's a rich variety of jellies that live nowhere else but in the deep sea. Thousands of tiny cilia propel them through a world without walls. Invisible in the gloom, they grope blindly for their prey. Comb jellies let out long sticky nets to catch passing copepods. But the most extensive death trap is set by siphonophores. This bell is the head of a colonial jelly that can be 40 metres long. Millions of tiny stinging cells drifting through the sea. only the faintest vestige of sunlight remains. So little, our eyes can't detect it. But others can. Survival in the twilight zone is all about seeing, yet not being seen. Hatchet fish are masters at hide-and-seek. They have the large sensitive eyes needed for seeking prey, but their bodies are flat. And their sides are highly silvered. Head on, they are just visible, thin though they are. But as soon as they turn, their sides reflect remnants of light from the surface and they disappear into the gloom. Whole shoals can hide in this way. But what about from below? The tubular eyes of many predators, even in this gloom, are able to distinguish their prey silhouetted against the scarcely-detectable light from above. Hatchet fish have a way of confusing any eyes searching for them. Their bellies carry light-producing cells called photophores. They can use these to exactly match the changing colour of light from the surface far above. This counter-shading breaks up their silhouette, making them almost invisible from below. Almost. But these are no ordinary eyes. The enormous yellow lenses enable their owner to distinguish between light made by photophores and sunlight. So one device for escape is countered by one for attack in an evolutionary arms race waged for millions of years. Descend below 1,000 metres, and you enter the dark zone. No sunlight penetrates this deep. The water is below four degrees centigrade. The presssure is 100 times that at the surface. Life becomes ever more sparse. It's a dark, dangerous world. Relative to body size, these are the largest teeth in the ocean. They're so big, their owner can't even close its mouth. They belong to the fang tooth. Unlike most deep-sea fish, this has powerful muscles and is an aggressive hunter. With food in such short supply at this depth, dark-zone predators have to be able to deal with a meal of any size. Many animals here are dark red, like this deep-sea jelly. Caught in the lights of the submersible, it's a spectacular firework display of colour. Normally, no red light penetrates as deep as this, so animals with red pigment appear completely black - perfectly concealed. Predators here don't just rely on vision - many have tiny eyes. Instead, their bodies are lined with organs sensitive to movement. This monster, half a metre across, is a hairy angler. It's the first time it's been seen. It's covered with hundreds of sensitive antennae, capable of detecting the movement of any prey careless enought to stray too close to this motionless predator. But this must be the strangest of the deep-sea fish yet discovered. A sensitive metre-long tail hangs down from the head that makes up a quarter of its body. Its eyes are tiny, but its mouth is truly enormous. It's called the gulper eel, because it can engulf a meal of almost any size. Hanging motionless in mid-water, its enormous gape enables it to deal with passing prey, whether it's small...or large. Gulper eels can swallow prey as big as themselves, very useful in a world where you never know when the next meal is. Even in the dark zone, there is some light. Turn off the submersible headlights and you see a pyrotechnic display outside. These lights are created by animals. This is bioluminescence. A deep-sea angler fish flashes in the darkness. The light is generated by bacteria that live permanently inside the lure, which attracts prey to these murderous teeth. There are all sorts of lures out in the darkness. What is the purpose of this lure, suspended on a long rod way below its owner's terrifying teeth? It's difficult to be sure. But this monster has another lure, much closer to its mouth. These fish are called anglers because they use their lures in the same way as fly fishermen use their imitation flies. For a hunting squid, with huge eyes, this glimmer is intriguing. It might just be food. A satisfying meal for a fish with a highly extendable stomach. Attracting a mate in this darkness can be even harder than finding food. Flashing lures may be helpful. Certainly, only female anglers have them. The tiny males are just a tenth the size of the females. Their only purpose is to find a mate in the darkness. She releases chemicals into the water, which the males scent with a special white organ in front of their eyes. Having found a partner, the male bites at her belly with specially-designed teeth. He needs to get permanently attached. Within a matter of weeks, the male is fused to the female. There he will stay for the rest of his life. Her blood provides him with his sustenance. In return, she gets a continuous, reliable supply of sperm. A brilliant solution to finding a mate in the emptiness of the deep sea. To help in the constant battle between predators and prey, some fish have developed headlights. These light-producing photophores beneath their eyes may be used to search out prey in the darkness. Most bioluminescence in the deep sea is blue or greenish-blue. But a very few predatory fish produce red light. With this, red prey becomes obvious in the darkness. Red light is rare down here. Most animal eyes can't see it. Only these fish can do so. This gives them a sniperscope - a headlight invisible to their targets. This copepod, unalarmed, takes no avoiding action. Bioluminescence is useful in escape as well as attack. A shrimp senses a threat. It spins in the water, releasing a bioluminescent glue. This acts like a burglar alarm, startling the fish and leaving it illuminated and vulnerable to predators. These twinkling lights in the darkness are produced by copepods. They probably flash like this to communicate with one another and confuse their predators. The most sensitive eyes belong to an ostracod called gigantocypris. It's the size of a pea. That's enormous for an ostracod. Copepods are a favourite prey and it actively searches for their flashes in the darkness. But this copepod has a way of confusing a hunting gigantocypris. It discharges a packet of bioluminescent liquid. The flash is delayed, like a depth charge. Spinning confusd in the water, gigantocypris chases after the flashes. And the copepod slips away, unseen, into the darkness. The ultimate bioluminescent defence mechanism has to be the light show created by the deep-sea jellyfish, periphylla. That, presumably, is the way it scares away its enemies. These bright lights are produced by firefly squid. Normally they live way down, at 300m. beyond the reach of these Japanese fishermen's nets. But for a few months each spring, they come to the surface every night. The lights come from bioluminescent tips of their two front tentacles, but only in the dark of the deep sea can you appreciate the complexity of their displays. Their whole bodies are covered in photophores. The exact function is not clear. It may be for attracting mates or dazzling predators. The rest may be camouflage, providing counter-shading as they journey up into the twilight zone. Every night in the season, hundreds of thousands of squid journey into shallow water to spawn. Before dawn, they will return to the depths, leaving their eggs to develop in the shallows. The daily cycle of the sun has a profound influence on life in the deep ocean. As the sun sets, it triggers the largest migration of organisms on our planet. One thousand million tonnes of animals travel up from the dark zone into richer, shallower water every night. Tiny grazers are first up, searching for the microscopic plants that only grow in shallow waters. Predators follow the grazers. An enormous variety of different animals join the convoy, or feed off it as it passes. Many will travel towards the surface and then, at dawn, finding themselves at risk from predators, the visitors return to the safer darkness of the depths. The sun only has a direct effect in the top 100 metres of the ocean. It's only here that photosynthesis can take place and reefs flourish. Leave this slice of life and travel over its altiface - you quickly enter a demanding world. Below 150 metres, photosynthesis becomes impossible. You find no plants, just animals. Here, the animals are adapted to catch marine snow - particles of dead animals and plants that drift down from above. So they depend, second-hand, on energy captured from the sun by organisms living in surface waters. Travelling close to the sea floor, we're going to take a journey to the very bottom of the deep sea. To a world separate from the mid-water above. At around 300 metres, the drop-off levels out and we move onto the continental slope. This stretches for about 150 miles from the coast, sloping in a gentle gradient down to a maximum depth of 4,000 metres. Water temperatures drop below four degrees centigrade, and the pressure reaches 400 times that at the surface. Without the lights of the submersible, it would be completely dark. The water is crystal clear because there's so little organic matter. Only 3% of potential food at the surface reaches here. At first sight, it appears a lifeless desert. But take a closer look and you notice a network of tracks. There is life even down here. These animals would die immediately if brought to the surface in nets. You can only see them behaving normally from submersibles. Many are new to science. The deep sea floor is dominated by echinoderms, sea cucumbers, brittle-stars and sea urchins. There are literally millions of them, marching aross the sea bed, hoovering up edible particles in the sediment. They come in all shapes and sizes. Though thinly spread, the deep ocean floor is so vast these are among the most numerous animals on the planet. Their spikes are good for locomotion and defence, but not so good for mating. Finding a mate in this largely empty sea floor could be a problem. Some urchins stay in herds to be sure they're never too far from a potential partner. Rocky outcrops provide good anchorage for animals that rely on food that might drift past. These sea lilies look like plants, but are, in fact, animals. Their long stalks ensure their umbrella of feeding tentacles are positioned to best effect in the current. Particles are swept onto the arms and carried to a mouth in the middle. These sudden movements swat away tiny amphipods that try to steal the sea lily's captures. Coral reefs are not supposed to exist in total darkness. But recently, a new kind of coral was found as deep as 2,000 metres. In the cold waters of a Norwegian fjord there was a deep-sea reef 30m high and 200m long. This coral gets no energy from the sun, so it has to be efficient in catching food. Its polyps are far larger than those of shallow-water corals. These are, in fact, the largest coral polyps in the ocean. They belong to the deep-sea mushroom coral. Their 3cm-long tentacles can catch far larger prey than other corals can. This necessity - to capture every particle of food in this near-desert - has radically changed many animals. Most tunicates are filter feeders, but this one has become a predator and its greatly-enlarged siphon has been converted into a trap. Most sea cucumbers stay firmly on the bottom. But not this extraordinary deep-sea species. Its skirts of skin allow it to swim hundreds of metres above the sea floor. Eventually, it will descend and, with luck, land on fresh feeding grounds. This, though, has to be the most extraordinary animal design of all. It's a polycheate worm and you'd expect the long body to be stuck on the sediment. This worm - alone in its group - swims in the open water. Propelling itself with its yellow frill, it finds new sources of food or maybe escapes from a predator. This is chimaera, a relative of the sharks, less than a metre long. Sensory pits on its chin help it hunt prey on the bottom, while its surprisingly large eyes may help it spot bioluminescence. Large fish are rare down here. There's simply not enough live prey to sustain them. Most have become scavengers. A dead tuna has attracted a deep sea conger eel... and a sixgill shark. These monsters grow to eight metres long. Sixgills are living fossils. For 150 million years, they've existed unchanged, living in water as deep as 2,500m. Very few people have ever been lucky enough to glimpse these sharks and we know almost nothing about their behaviour. The body of a tuna is a substantial meal, but occasionally a really gigantic corpse drifts down to the deep-sea floor. This is the freshly dead carcass of a 30-tonne grey whale. It's resting on the sea floor a mile down. It's only been on the bottom for six weeks but already it has attracted hundreds of hagfish. These ancient scavengers are often the first to discover a fallen body and are attracted from miles around. They lack jaws and rasp at the flesh with two rows of horny teeth on each side of their mouths. Next to arrive is a sleeper shark, a real deep-sea specialist. They grow to over seven metres long and have never been filmed at such a depth before. The gaping wounds in the whale's flank are its work. Unlike the hagfish, it has powerful jaws so is able to rip off huge chunks of meat. Sharks, hagfish and a whole succession of deep-sea scavengers will feast on the carcass for years before all its nutriment has gone. all that was left was a perfect skeleton stripped bare. It was almost as if a museum specimen had been carefully laid out on the sea floor. At first, the skeleton seemed totally abandoned. But even after so long, there was still some flesh left in the head. Hagfish have a skeleton of cartilage and are so flexible that they can tie themselves into knots and get a better purchase on the flesh they feed on. But smaller organisms had fed here. A band of white bacteria had formed on the mud outlining the shape of the whale. And on the skeleton itself, colonies of bacteria extract energy from the bones. Most remarkably, and in huge abundance, polychaete worms were collecting the last edible fragments. These are a new species that, so far, have only been found on the fallen bodies of whales. Scientists have found 178 different animals on one whale vertebra, most of which have been found nowhere else. This whale was not filmed from a submersible with an acrylic sphere. Such craft can't go as deep as this. To withstand the pressure here, you need a far stronger submersible. This is Alvin, a sphere with just enough room in it for a pilot and two observers. Its walls are made of titanium. The viewing ports have to be tiny. Any larger and the submersible would implode under the pressure down here. Alvin can dive to 4,500m, three miles below the surface. Around 3,000 metres, the continental slope finally flattens out and joins the abyssal plain. This covers over half the Earth's surface. Mostly it's completely flat, but, in places, it's gashed by huge trenches, hundreds of miles wide. The deepest of these is the Mariana trench, which drops to over seven miles below sea level. Only five manned submersibles can reach the abyssal plain. Between them so far, they have explored less than 1% of it. but in places, hundreds of brittle stars march over the sea bed in search of food. Fish have been found right down to the bottom of the deepest trenches. Most come from one family, the aptly named rat-tails. They forage near the sea floor and use their battery of sensory pits to follow odour trails from rotting carcasses. They travel long distances across the abyssal plain in search of food, but others prefer to sit and wait. This is a tripod fish. It supports itself on two specially adapted fin rays and can sit motionless for hour after hour. It does have tiny eyes but it's almost totally blind. It locates potential prey with a pair of fins behind its head which are sensitive to even tiny movements. We know more about the moon's surface than about the abyssal plain. Every dive still produces complete surprises. This deep-sea octopus is about the size of a beach ball and has been nicknamed Dumbo. An umbrella of skin between its tentacles and its flapping ears allow Dumbo to hover effortlessly over the sea floor as it searches for food. Right in the middle of the abyssal plain lie the largest geological structures on our planet... Rising almost two miles off the sea floor, the ridges extend for 28,000 miles, the largest mountain chain on Earth. When submersibles finally succeeded in reaching the ridges in the 1970s, they found an extraordinary world with miles of once molten rock that had welled up from the deep in the past and had now solidified. They discovered towering chimneys spouting water as hot as molten lead. At the surface, water becomes steam at 100 degrees centigrade, but down here, under the immense pressure of the ocean, it remains liquid at temperatures as hot as 400 degrees centigrade. A submersible has to move carefully. Disaster is very close when surrounded by such enormous temperatures and pressures. And here, where the water is loaded with hydrogen sulphides, poisonous to normal life processes, they found living creatures. Some of the chimneys were encrusted with white tubes. The tubes were inhabited by a new species of polychaete worm that was exposed to temperatures as high as 80 degrees centigrade. No other animal on Earth was known to tolerate such high temperatures, so the scientists call them Pompeii worms. But this was just the beginning. Nearby, there were chimneys completely covered by whole communities of different organisms. The bottom of the vent was encrusted with large mussels. There were swarms of white crabs and dominating the chimney were hundreds of bright red tube worms, each two metres long and four centimetres wide. Until these creatures were discovered, all life on earth was thought to be dependent on the sun. But here in the darkness of the deep, they discovered a density of life that derived no energy from the sun. So, what do they live on? The answer was found within the tube worms themselves. They were full of specialised bacteria that are able to derive energy from the sulphides pouring from the vents. The worms' plumes were red with haemoglobin that carries sulphides and oxygen down to the bacteria. These bacteria are the primary source of energy for the life here. The mussels were packed with them. As green plants are the basis of life for animals living in the sun, these bacteria and other microbes are at the foot of the food chain on which over 500 species depend. Crabs and shrimps feed off bacteria and even try to steal pieces of tube worm plumes. Since the vents were first visited by biologists in 1979, a new species has been described every ten days. At the top of the food chain, fish that never stray far from the vents. But they, or their descendants, will move eventually, for we know that individual vents are only active for a few decades. Such a density of life, living in such harsh conditions, in the middle of a vast and otherwise barren abyssal plain, astounded the biologists who first saw it. It seemed to them that here was evidence of how life on this planet, which started in the sea, might have begun. Deep-sea submersibles made an even more extraordinary discovery in 1990. Over half a mile down, at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico, they came across what appeared to be an underwater lake over 20m long, with its own sandy shore. Around its edge there even seemed to be a tide line. But this couldn't be, of course. This was under water. In fact, the lapping edge was created by a soup of salty brine, far heavier than the surrounding sea water. and the sand was made up of hundreds of thousands of mussels. Once again, in the midst of a totally barren sea bed, a rich oasis of life, totally independent of the sun's energy. The source of energy this time was methane, bubbling out of the sea bed. Again, the mussels carried special bacteria capable of fixing the methane's energy. Just like the hot vents, a complete ecosystem had developed based on the bacteria. There was an enormous variety of completely new species - shrimps, weird squat lobsters and bright red polychaete worms. These oases were called cold seeps and were surprisingly similar to the hot vents. The geological processes in the sea floor that produce methane can also result in the release of hydrogen sulphides. It was hardly surprising then, that nearby they found tube worms. Extensive fields of tube worms that stretch for hundreds of metres. This new species also uses bacteria to fix energy from sulphides but it extracts them directly from the ground. Their beautiful gills are only used to supply oxygen to the bacteria. Amazingly, these tube worms are over 200 years old. Hot vent tube worms are the fastest growing invertebrates in the sea but these appear to be far slower. All the more reason to protect your gills from biting amphipods. The energy sources exploited by the hot vent animals may suddenly fail, but here life can enjoy a more stable geological future. To discover, within ten years, two new ecosystems both independent of the Sun's energy, has been quite extraordinary. So far we have explored just 1% of the deep ocean floor. Who knows what is still out there to be discovered? These seas, thousands of miles from nearest land, are the most sterile on our planet. These are marine deserts. But here live the swiftest and most powerful of all ocean hunters. Simply finding them is an immense challenge. But we are about to follow them as they search for their food in this little known part of the seas. The open ocean. Striped marlin - voracious predators that can grow to three metres long. They hunt mainly in daylight, searching the tropical oceans from close to the surface down to depths of 100m or so. Normally the fish they feed on are widely dispersed. But sometimes their prey gathers in dense shoals, like these sardines. This feast may last for over an hour. Time enough for other hunters to reach the scene. Juvenile tuna join in the feeding frenzy. The noise attracts a giant - a sei whale. It's 14m long and 20 tonnes in weight and has an appetite to match. Soon the only sign that the sardines ever existed are scales sinking down into the abyss. Such feasts don't last long. In a few days, waters that swarmed with food will have been cleaned out. The hunters must move elsewhere and once again start their search of the seemingly featureless open ocean. A manta ray - immense - five metres across from the tip of one wing-like fin to the other. It's travelling economy, wasting as little energy as possible as it glides through the waters of the tropics. The remora fish that accompany it travel more economically still... by hitching a lift. Their host is searching for food - plankton, the minute fish and invertebrates that float near the surface. It needs lots of them and may cruise for days before it finds a good feeding ground. Dusk on a pacific island, 3,000 miles from the nearest continent. Here, surgeon fish have assembled to spawn. As they perform their nuptial dances they discharge clouds of eggs and sperm into the water. The manta must have known this would happen, for it arrived at exactly this moment and it's not the only one to do so. Others are here too. Now all they need to do is to sweep the water into their mouths and sieve out the eggs. Within an hour, the whole event will be over. Any eggs left will be so dispersed that they're not worth collecting. But other perils await them as they join the eggs, larvae and tiny fish that drift through the surface waters of the open ocean. These are the eggs of yellowfin tuna. If the hatchlings survive, it will take them two years to become adults. In three years, they could be nearly two metres long and weigh 200kg. Perhaps only one in a million will live as long as that. They and the other animals and microscopic plants of the plankton constitute the basis of all life out on the open ocean. A storm petrel dancing on the water, but this is no amiable waltz - it's a hunt. They hover, facing into the wind, picking out morsels near the surface, including eggs. Only a tiny percentage of the eggs will survive long enough to hatch. These newly emerged tuna are only three millimetres long. Although they can swim, they're still very vulnerable. It will be many weeks before they swim strongly enough to make any headway in the ocean. After the sun goes down, other predators rise from the depths to attack the floating multitudes. Darkness shrouds the arrival of battalions of dangerous, drifting predators. These shimmering comb jellies - sea gooseberries - trap their prey with sticky net-like webs. One ill-timed fin-stroke could bring certain death to a hatchling fish. There are many kinds of these comb jellies - all of them very effective hunters. By dawn, most nocturnal feeders will have returned to the depths. The surviving hatchlings, however, have already started on their travels. Vast current systems, like immense rivers, carry them around the ocean basins. The boundaries between these masses of moving water form invisible barriers that can trap both plankton and nutrients carried up from the depths. So, parts of the ocean become rich with food for days or even weeks at a time. This attracts vast schools of plankton-feeding fish, like these sardine. They take in water through the mouth and expel it through their gills, sieving out the plankton which is then funnelled down their throats. The immense schools travel along the boundaries of the currents, seeking where plankton is thickest. As the position of the current boundaries changes constantly, so does both the supply of plankton and the numbers of fish. A small pod of Pacific spotted dolphin - Like all predators, they seek parts of the ocean where their food is thickest. They cover up to 100 miles in a day. And while they travel, they play. They have detected schooling fish from hundreds of metres away, and start to track down the shoals using sonar, leaving their toys behind them. For the hunted, there are few places to hide. Schooling mackerel. They have already sensed the sonar beams of approaching dolphin. Their only defence is to gather into a ball. Individuals that stayed out of the shoal would be quickly picked off. Within it, there is at least some chance of survival. The noise alerts another predator - a sailfish, one of the fastest fish in the ocean. It has detected rapid vibrations in the water and is searching for the cause. Sailfish rely on eyesight for their final approach, so they hunt mainly in daylight. When sailfish become excited they change colour, lighting up with bright blue stripes. Since mackerel eyes are especially sensitive to blue and ultraviolet, these colours confuse them, making them easier to catch. Far below, a blue shark returns from a squid-hunting trip in the cold darkness 300 metres down. It's heading for the surface to reheat in the warmer water. As it ascends, it detects the smell of oils and proteins shed into the water by the panicked mackerel. The trail leads the shark and the pilot fish towards an easy meal. Scraps and casualties float in the wake of the passing mackerel school. Throughout the ocean, predators and prey are locked in a deadly contest of hide and seek, played out over immense distances. To survive they must travel. The huge four metre long blue-fin tuna has special blood vessels that enable it to keep its body temperature significantly warmer than the surrounding water. They can survive in much colder conditions than any other tuna, and they travel thousands of miles away from their spawning grounds in the tropics to hunt in cold seas where the food supply is richest. Ocean travellers come in many guises, and few are stranger than this... It is a worrying passer-by for booby birds with delicate toes. Many floaters are little more than jelly, enclosed in membranes, but they may drift for vast distances. And turtles, like these olive ridleys, migrate thousands of miles every year. The ocean is full of such wanderers, riding the currents, and doing their best to avoid enemies while they search for food and a safe place to breed, which is what these rays are doing, forming a two-mile-high club, gathering together for courtship on the wing, far above the ocean floor. More nomads - flying fish. They seem to be on every large predator's menu, so their whole life is spent on the run in the open ocean. They don't scatter their eggs but lay them on pieces of flotsam like this palm frond. If the quality of water is right, they will attach their eggs to the frond, which will then serve as a kind of life-raft for their offspring. But it's not only flying fish that seek nurseries. Any piece of floating debris can serve as a shelter under which baby fish can hide. The only drawback is that predators like this wahoo always check up on who's hanging about in the shadows. The wahoo may trail the flotsam for weeks. Few bits of flotsam are without their quota of lodgers - even man-made junk attracts them. And some, like this oceanic trigger fish, defend their squatters' rights with vigour. The triggers, in fact, tend to claim all the prime residences. Out here, even discarded netting can provide valuable shelter, so, in a bizarre twist, a wrecked trawl net like this can end up as a sanctuary for fish until such time as it finally sinks. Indeed, a single large piece of flotsam can be the reason why several square miles of open ocean, instead of being empty, will support a fish population of hundreds of tonnes. This huge clump of seaweed is doing exactly that. It is a giant kelp plant, ripped from the rocks off the coast of California. Now, it's floating above thousands of metres of water, held up by its gas-filled floats. Clouds of young rockfish are growing up in the safety of its shadow. Giants also seek out this algal flotsam. This is a sunfish. It can measure as much as four metres from fin-tip to fin-tip. Surprisingly, it has the record as the heaviest bony fish in the sea. Sunfish spend much of their time at depth where they feed on jellyfish, but it is cold and dark down there, so from time to time they seek a little rest and recuperation, and warm up near the surface. They too are looking for floating kelp plants. Not for shelter, but because here they can find a particular kind of fish that only lives in such places. Half-moon fish. The sunfish form up in an orderly queue. They have a problem. Their skin is covered in parasites. The hungry half-moons will help. The sunfish turn their heads towards the surface as a clear invitation to their personal hygienists. The half-moons nip off - and eat - every parasite they can find. If the half-moons don't do the job, there is another rather drastic treatment available here. Gulls rest on the floating kelp. And if the sunfish send the right signals, the gulls will investigate. Their beaks can dig out the most stubborn parasites. Even the very best of health clinics can only trade on a temporary basis. The seaweed rafts rot and eventually lose their buoyancy. Then their lodgers will have to find a new home. If they can't, they will be eaten and die and sink down into the abyss. But the open ocean is not entirely devoid of permanent shelter. A volcano is erupting from the sea floor and it's still growing. It has formed an island some 70 miles from the coast of New Zealand. Some juvenile reef fish have already arrived, carried by a lucky current. Now they're growing up in the reeds growing around the island's fringes. More plankton and juvenile fish are being swept towards the island. But now, there's a welcoming committee. Schools of trevally fish and blue maomao patrol the surface water. All are in search of a meal. These one-kilo fish snap up every morsel of plankton they find. At times, the currents sweeping in from the open ocean bring with them all kinds of small creatures, like these mysid shrimps. Very little that is edible is left after such feasts. Islands are far from being safe havens for plankton. The Pacific Ocean, however, is peppered with over 23,000 islands, as well as countless other submerged mountains - sea mounts whose summits do not break the surface. Juvenile fish, for their first few months, would do well to avoid such places. These yellowfin tuna are six months old. They are 40cm long - big enough to eat fry. So sea mounts for them, are promising feeding grounds where they hunt for months. The base of a sea mount. As currents sweep towards it, they are deflected up its towering walls. The water from the depths carries plankton and nutrients to the surface. Reef fish take up residence, feeding where the plankton's most dense. Where the cold water mixes with warmer water at the surface, there is a strange shimmering effect, a sign the currents are strong. These currents attract more than just coastal fish. Giants come here from the open ocean. Hammerhead sharks - and in great numbers. During the day, they circle the sea mount, looking for small fish, but not in order to eat them. They, like the sunfish, are looking for cleaners to rid them of their parasites. White-tipped reef sharks gather here, too. They DO eat reef fish. They hunt at night when the reef fish are sleepy and easier to catch. Far better to rest by day and allow the cleaners to do their work. Even swarms of breeding trigger aren't a serious temptation. They spend much of their time in open water, but they've come to the sea mount to spawn. Trigger eggs are good food. The plankton feeders gather what they can before they're swept away. This community is only here due to the nutrients the sea mount deflected into the water. But ocean-going hunters are never far away. Silky sharks pick off injured fish and check over the residents around the sea mount. At some times of the year, seasonal changes make the currents especially rich in nutrients, and the ocean becomes a soup of plankton. At such times, hunters gather in astonishing numbers. Bonito, smaller relatives of the tuna, are searching for smaller plankton feeders attracted by the bloom. So are these jacks. Their prey is nearby. A school of anchoveta has strayed to the surface even though it's broad daylight and hunters are on the prowl. They can already feel the vibrations of the approaching predators. Swimming at speed, they form a ball and wait for whatever comes. They've been rumbled. At first, the scale of the bait ball seems to daunt the predator. But now, the bonito arrive and launch the first attack. Still the bait ball holds together. The young yellowfin tuna move in. The speed of the attack is so great that groups of anchoveta are splintered from the main fish ball. Before long the currents will shift and the ocean will become once more a blue tropical desert - plankton-free - and the hunters will have to move on. Spinner dolphins - still searching for food. Their twisting leaps are social displays. Since the hunting has been good, many hundred have gathered together in this exuberant super-pod. But now the spinners are starting to hunt once more. Their skill in tracking food is not a secret. Yellowfin tuna must be aware of it for they regularly follow them. But only adult tuna in their third year of life have sufficient stamina to keep up with the fast-moving spinners. This is another kind, common dolphin. They too are on the move. As they travel, ever inquisitive, they pay a call on one of their larger relations - a pilot whale. The whale is not hunting. It's on its way to its breeding grounds in the Mediterranean. Pilot whales hunt in small family groups, but in midsummer they head for traditional socialising grounds, where they will assemble in super-herds, several hundred strong. Already, two families have joined together. Males are starting to compete for females. As the weeks pass by, these group rubbing sessions will become more overtly sexual. But now, it's just flirting in the sun. Timing in the ocean can be crucial. In summer, the northern Atlantic waters are beginning to warm. The hunting is good here and by June, predators from southern waters are heading towards the Azores. These are more common dolphin. Like most oceanic dolphins, they too often travel in huge herds containing many different families. There is seldom enough prey in any one place to feed such numbers. So, small groups leave the super-pod and set off on hunting expeditions. This group will be away from the main herd for several hours. By midday, they're nearing the Islands of the Azores - Other hunters are already here - corys shearwaters. Right now there is insufficient wind to support gliding flight and since flapping is a waste of energy, they sit out the calm, clustered in rafts and riding the swells. By mid-afternoon the dolphin are starting to hunt in earnest. As the sea breeze picks up, the shearwaters take to the air once more. Out to sea, the dolphin have found prey. They are driving a shoal of small mackerel up towards the surface. The shearwaters crowd the skies, following the dolphins' every turn. The mackerel are still some metres down. When the bait fish come sufficiently close, the airborne division makes its move. Far from being mere bystanders, the shearwaters can now become predators themselves. Incredibly, they can dive down to depths of several metres. The hunting dolphin prevent the mackerel from escaping downwards and both predators gorge themselves. Soon the diving birds outnumber the dolphin and even drive them away from their meal. But another squadron of predators arrives to replace the dolphin - adult yellowfin tuna. These are giants - two metres long. They are heading directly for the bait ball. Despite the arrival of the giant fish, the shearwater continue to press home their attack, unfazed. Eventually, the tuna move on. The shearwaters battle among themselves. As long as predatory fish or dolphin remain at the scene, the mackerel can't escape. But when the skipjack tuna start to move away, the bait ball begins to sink into the depths towards safety. The shearwaters follow it down to the limit of their breath-holding ability, maybe as deep as 15 metres. At last, even they are forced to leave their quarry. However good or bad this summer's feeding may be, in three months winter will be on its way and the temperature of these waters will drop by a few degrees. Then, the ocean hunters will abandon the Azores once more. As ever, they will move on, seeking another feeding opportunity - the next pulse of life in the distant reaches of the open ocean. The frozen seas are worlds unto themselves. Beneath their ceiling of ice they have an eerie stillness, cut off from the storms that rage above. In the winter, the feeble slanting rays of the sun bring little warmth and the temperature seldom rises above minus 50 degrees centigrade. For much of the year, it is dark and cripplingly cold. Yet there is life here at both ends of the earth - the Arctic and the Antarctic. For most animals, whether they live in or out of water, the winters, when much of the sea is frozen, bring the greatest challenge. The northern hemisphere. It's February, and, as the Earth tilts on its axis, the Sun's rays creep slowly northwards and the Arctic emerges from its harsh winter. The Arctic is a frozen ocean surrounded by continents and when the surface of the sea freezes from shore to shore, land predators walk out onto it to hunt. It's early March and the sea is still covered with ice. But there are patches of open water - polynias - that never freeze over. Here, where tidal currents are squeezed between islands, the water movement is so strong that ice cannot form. Walruses spend the winter in polynias. Here they have permanent access to the air, but they can also retreat to the sea to shelter, to hunt. Other sea mammals overwinter in polynias as well. In this one, a young bowhead whale. Here, the current is really fast and the shifting ice is dangerous. This whale became trapped when ice encircled it last autumn. There is no food here, but a whale must breathe and the only place that it can do so, for miles around, is in this tiny hole. It's living entirely on its reserves of fat, but now they are dangerously low. It will be some months yet before it can escape. Elsewhere, other whales have also been trapped. These are belugas. Their tiny hole in the ice has been kept open, not by currents, but by the belugas' continuous movements as they rise to breathe. Open water is now some 20 miles away. It will be two months yet before the ice melts. The belugas are extremely thin and most of them are horribly scarred. But their wounds were not inflicted by the ice. A whale would be a huge prize for any meat-eating hunter and these belugas, trapped by the ice, are within reach of polar bears. Aware of the danger, the belugas stay submerged as long as they can. But they can only hold their breath for about 20 minutes. Catching a four-metre long whale that weighs one ton is no easy task, even if that whale is weakened by starvation. But a beluga is well worth waiting for. Day by day, as the hole gets bigger, it becomes increasingly difficult for the bear to land a whale. Keeping its fur in good condition and free from salt is important for warmth and the bear uses snow like blotting paper. These belugas have been attacked by many bears over the last six months and some have been caught. It may have taken a long time and a lot of patience, but a catch, when it's made, brings abundant rewards of energy-rich blubber. Gulls rely on bear-kills at this time of the year and the colour of blood staining the ice attracts them from a long way away. The remaining belugas still have a long wait before they are released from their prison and the threat of slaughter. Arctic foxes also rely on the polar bears to hunt on their behalf. They're the jackals of the north and scavenge from bear kills whenever they can. In winter and early spring, they are wholly dependent on bears. Only in the summer, when the sea ice melts, will they regularly catch prey for themselves. They are not strong enough to tackle adult seals, but can certainly take new-born pups or birds. This canny individual is going to bury its prize. It may need it during the uncertain times ahead. The presence of bears affects the behaviour of almost all the animals, big and small. The bears avoid the fringe of ice bordering open water where travelling can be laborious. That fact makes this area of pack ice a good place for seals to pup. SEAL MEWS Harp seals breed here. Their pups have white coats which camouflage them effectively in snow. Harp seals have a very short nursing period, a necessity on this unstable ice. Suckling is intensive. The pup feeds for just 12 days on milk that is 45% fat. Then it's abandoned and has to fend for itself. A male hooded seal. This impressive nasal display is used to warn away other males. And to win a mate. Hooded seals also breed on pack ice. Their pups suckle for only four days, the shortest nursing period known for any mammal. It's the threat of polar bears that caused them to breed on unstable ice. Another Arctic seal heads for the solid ice further north. Because it's easy for bears to hunt here, the ringed seals are vigilant and have to hide their pups. Ringed seals are comparatively small so they can give birth to their pups in little lairs under the snow. Here, a pup is out of sight and protected from bad weather. In late March and into April female bears emerge from winter dens with their cubs. The mother has not eaten for over five months. She's hungry. Very hungry. If she doesn't succeed in catching a regular supply of seals, her milk will fail and her cub will die. Bears have an extraordinarily sensitive sense of smell and can detect seal pups in the snow from two kilometres away. But a female ringed seal uses several lairs and a bear will have to break into a few before it finds one that is occupied. This is a crucial time for the cub. By watching its mother hunt and copying her actions, it begins to acquire the rudiments of its own hunting skills. Play is also important for developing muscles and co-ordination. As the days go by, the sun rises higher and remains above the horizon. The female bear continues to hunt until her cub is too tired and can't keep up. She's smelt something. The pup escapes through a hole in its lair that leads to the sea below. Only one in 20 hunts is successful. The mother must find a seal pup soon if her cub is not to starve to death. As spring turns into summer, the sun's heat begins to melt the sea ice. Now the ocean is accessible and the Arctic's summer visitors return. Migrating birds arrive from the south to nest and feed on sea food that is now within their reach. Brunnich's guillemots are the northern equivalent of penguins. But they have retained the power of flight to reach cliff ledges where their nests will be safe from predatory bears and foxes. Nonetheless, they are as at home in the water as they are in the air. They dive down to a depth of 50 metres of more to catch fish. In June, the ice begins to fracture. Cracks form useful corridors of open water for air-breathing animals. Belugas migrating to their feeding grounds can penetrate the ice-covered seas to reach areas where their preferred food - arctic cod - has spent the winter. Males regularly dive to about 500 metres to find fish. The females and young, which have smaller lungs, only go to about 350. In late June and July, narwhals arrive. The females, who usually lack tusks, come first with their new calves. The males follow a little later. They move up the cracks in the ice - or leads - for fresh feeding grounds. Bowheads. Up to 18 metres long and weighing 100 tonnes. These are the only large whales that stay in the Arctic all year round. They're not after fish. They're seeking smaller prey. Despite having the largest mouths in the animal kingdom - the size of a small garage - they eat tiny crustaceans - copepods, straining them from the water with the four-metre strips of baleen that hang from their upper jaws. In the summer, they store enough energy to last them through winter when food will be less abundant. As the ice melts away, the polar bears are forced to head for land. They're excellent swimmers and can cover 100 miles of open water if need be. Off east Greenland, there is little ice left by August so walruses haul out to rest on land. They're moulting, getting rid of their old, parasite-ridden skin. WALRUSES GRUNT A bathe in the cold water brings some relief from the itching. But even there, the odd scratch is irresistible. They make daily excursions out to deeper water. Down at 20 metres, they root around in the sediment using their bristles to search out soft-shelled clams. Once they find a clam, they suck its flesh from the shell with their powerful, muscular mouths. Walruses can feed for five minutes this deep before they have to return to the surface to breathe. Elsewhere in the Arctic, belugas are gathering in their thousands. They congregate in just a few large estuaries. Belugas of all ages and sizes come here. There are even young calves. Some are so young - born only a week or so ago - that they need help. They swim on their mothers' backs to breathe more easily. As the tide moves up the estuary, the belugas follow, swimming into shallow water. Like walruses, they also need to moult. The warm, fresh water and vigorous rubbing against the gravel does the trick. They remain here for days or even weeks so it's likely that socialising is also important to them. After moulting, they head back out to sea to feed. It's now autumn and the sea begins to freeze over once again. Thin sheets of ice form at the surface and pile up layer upon layer, gradually creating an impenetrable barrier. By late November, the Arctic ocean is sealed once again by ice. The lights of the aurora play in the winter sky. At the other end of the planet, in the Antarctic, there is the southern aurora. Antarctica is now emerging from winter. This is the coldest, windiest place in the world. Temperatures are hovering at a numbing -50. The returning sun has very little warmth. Very few animals can survive such extreme conditions. But emperor penguins can. Standing on the frozen sea, they endure the full force of the storms. Only by huddling together, can they survive the appalling winter months. They take it in turns to bear the brunt of the gales. They can only live here at all because Antarctica is surrounded by the Great Southern Ocean. No land predators have reached it so, unlike Arctic animals, they are not threatened by polar bears. The sea is still frozen but one seal, nonetheless, manages to stay here even throughout the winter. The Weddell seal. Underwater, it's protected from the storms above but it must have access to the air all year in order to breathe. And they keep their breathing holes open with their teeth. Only by continually scraping away at the ice can they maintain access to the air. That means their teeth get worn down. Then they can no longer hunt or eat effectively. Weddell seals die young. The continent of Antarctica is so isolated and so high - almost 5,000 metres in places - that it's considerably colder than the Arctic. Ice slides slowly down from its centre towards its rim in immense glaciers. During winter, the continent effectively doubles in size as the sea freezes over. Ice forms around its shores and extends outwards for hundreds of miles around the entire land mass. Under the sea ice live small shrimp-like creatures. Krill. They have been here all winter. During these dark months, they feed by scraping algae from the ice. Remarkably, they also shrink in size and revert to their juvenile form to save energy. As the temperature rises in spring, the ice begins to melt and little air bubbles are released. Microscopic algae grow around the bubbles and the krill graze on them, gathering them up with their legs. As the sun's rays grow stronger and penetrate deeper into the water, floating algae begin to flourish. The krill leave the dwindling ice and gather in swarms to harvest this new crop. Far to the north, beyond the blanket of sea ice, chinstrap penguins have been overwintering in the open ocean. An iceberg gives them the chance of a rest - if they can get on it. THEY SQUAWK But at this time of year, where they really want to be is on land. It's getting there that's tricky. It's spring and the penguins are returning to breed. Their need to get ashore is now urgent and imperative. Doing so is a matter of timing - and picking the right wave. But their journey has only just begun. Most of them will have to walk many miles in order to find a nest site. PENGUINS CRY This is Zavodovski Island, which has the largest penguin colony in the world. About two million chinstraps breed here and they come to this island for a good reason. It's an active volcano. The heat from the crater and the fumaroles keeps the slopes free from the ice and snow, allowing these chinstraps to breed earlier than those further south. But then again, living on an active volcano is not without its risks. Unlike the emperors, these penguins can lay eggs on the bare ground. Little wonder so many of them brave the mountainous waves to get here. Further south, near the continent, the blanket of sea ice is beginning to break up. Icebergs are gigantic fragments of ice that have broken off the front of glaciers. Over winter, they were frozen into the sea ice, but now they are adrift once more. As the bergs break up, they form brash ice. It litters the backwaters of the Antarctic Peninsula. WHOOSHING Minke whales make their way into these placid waters in summer. This is the most abundant whale in the Southern Ocean. Minkes are one of the smallest of all the baleen whales. Like all others, they come here to feed. The majestic humpback whales are also summer visitors. They have come thousands of miles from their tropical breeding grounds to gather the food that is available here in summer. In four months, they accumulate enough fat to provide energy for the rest of the year. All these animals have come here in search of one thing - the krill. Krill is the mainstay of the Antarctic food web. It occurs in phenomenal quantity - billions of individuals in one swarm, and swarms can stretch for miles. Fur seals also collect this rich, superabundant food. Krill swarms are very patchy, but once found, feeding is easy. Humpbacks engulf hundreds of thousands of them in a single gargantuan mouthful. When the going is good, the whales feed continuously, each eating up to two tonnes of krill in 24 hours. Further south, near the continent, the sea ice is still sound. The ice remains for most of the summer. Emperor penguins make their home here. These have been feeding out at sea and are now ready to return to the colony to feed their chicks. Instead of going straight for the ice edge, the penguins hesitate some distance away. They are nervous. They dive down and investigate the ice edge. And for good reason. Leopard seals patrol this border. Leopard seals are the Antarctic's equivalent of polar bears. They are the top predators, but they hunt most successfully in the water, so by and large, the animals they prey on are safer out on the ice. RATTLING WHINE They have a lazy grace that belies their ferocious nature. Confident that the coast is clear, the emperor penguins head for the ice. But they don't linger. Now they have a long walk back to the colony. Emperor colonies are set back from the ice edge. In winter, they may be 100 miles from it, but as summer progresses and the ice melts, the edge comes ever closer to the colony. When the chicks are ready for their first swim, the water is close by. This colony is in the lee of a headland and that prevents the ice from being broken up by ocean currents. The returning adults are so full of food they can barely walk. But no predator threatens them now. They can take their time. HIGH-PITCHED CRIES MINGLE WITH SQUAWKS Somehow, in this melee of 60,000 or so penguins, a parent has to find its chick. It returns to the place where it last left its chick in the hope that it might still be close by. But chicks tend to wander, so the adult has to call to it. The chick responds and they home in on one another. The chick's cries stimulate the adult to regurgitate some fish. With the return of one parent, the other is free to feed for itself. Aware of the leopard seal's presence, the penguins press together at the ice edge, unwilling to be the first to dive in. Occasionally, the seal comes onto the ice and attempts to grab one. But its most successful strategy by far is to lie in wait. It hides behind a corner of ice. The penguins decide to make a dash for it. The first wave of penguins escape. Once in open water, they will be safe. But the seal is alerted by the noise, and through the mass of bubbles, makes its attack. Almost invariably, it makes a kill. Encouraged by the absence of the seal, the remaining penguins make a break for the open sea. In time, their chicks will fledge. And when the Antarctic autumn is near its end, these adults will walk across the newly formed ice, again to endure winter on the frozen sea. There are some seas where fish swarm in millions... The sheer quantity of life here is unmatched anywhere in the oceans. These are the most productive seas on Earth. They are the seasonal seas. These seas border the temperate parts of the world where conditions change through the year. The seasons also affect the underwater world. The power of the sun is constantly changing. In the far north, during the summer, there are long hours of sunlight. In winter, that dwindles and there can be weeks of darkness. The summers are warm and gentle. The winters racked by savage storms. In conditions like this, life of any sort has to struggle to survive. January on Sable Island, off Nova Scotia. Grey seals have got ashore through the crashing breakers. Gales here can blow for days on end. Sable Island has the world's largest colony of grey seals. just when the weather's at its worst. To add insult to injury, the pups - having suckled for only 18 days - are abandoned. Their mothers must return to the sea to find food for themselves. Unable to dive, the pups are marooned and sustained by nothing but their fatty blubber. It will be five weeks before they're strong enough to swim. By then, it will be early spring. The ocean will be teeming with food. By May, spring has reached the coasts of Scotland. Underwater, it arrived rather earlier. During March, the seas had warmed enough to trigger a transformation. These are phytoplankton - tiny floating algae, each much smaller than a pin head. They multiply with amazing speed to produce more annual growth than all the plants on land put together, six billion tonnes of it. This immense bloom spreads across the face of the ocean. Within a couple of months, it turns vast areas of it a dense green. Animal life reacts to the blooming sea. These polyps are about to change into something else. As they separate, they're revealed to be tiny common jellyfish. They're less than three millimetres across. Within a few months, they will have assembled into vast swarms. Minute copepods are part of their staple diet. These appear every spring in vast numbers and graze on the phytoplankton bloom. Their beating legs create currents that sweep the algae into the filters around their mouths. On this microscopic scale, water is so viscous, phytoplankton can't swim against the current. Whilst feeding, senses on the copepod's antennae warn of dangers ahead. Lighting by lasers reveals that feeding copepods leave wakes behind them, like jet trails. Slightly larger floating predators are able to use these trails to find their prey. A close call, but some predators are simply too large to avoid... They may appear to be delicate but they are deadly hunters. With every pulse of the delicate bells, plankton-rich water is drawn into their lacy throats and pushed out again, leaving behind copepods stuck to the membranes. A single sea nettle jellyfish, only a few centimetres across, can collect thousands of copepods in a day. So the killing power of giants, like these, is hard to estimate. Each of these weighs up to 30 kilos and has tentacles stretching over eight metres. But there are even greater dangers awaiting the copepods. By the late spring, the baby common jellyfish are fully grown. They gather in millions, forming immense swarms which filter out all the small planktonic animals in their path. Nevertheless, there are such astronomic numbers of copepods that enough will survive to form swarms of their own. A basking shark. This eight-tonne fish feeds on plankton... and nothing else. Every hour, it filters 1,000 tonnes of seawater through its gills. Numbers of these shark appear when the bloom is at its peak and travel where the plankton is thickest. The supply of plankton is so abundant that another group of animals shares the feast, animals that live on the sea floor. Every centimetre of rock is covered with invertebrates of some kind. Anemones, sea squirts, gorgonians... all trapping plankton from the passing water. Not all life in the seasonal seas depends upon the plankton. It's early spring in British Colombia. Seaweed has started to grow slowly in the cold water. As the hours of sunlight increase, and the water warms, these small plants turn into great beds of bull kelp. The immense 30-metre-long strands have small gas-filled floats, which keep them within reach of the energy-giving sunlight. Further south, the sunshine is more powerful. So here, on the coast of California, the biggest kelp can grow. This is giant kelp. By midsummer, each plant grows in length by a metre a day. The main stem is fixed to the bottom, 35 metres below, by a small, but immensely strong, holdfast. Fully grown, these plants are 100 metres long and form vast marine forests. Great schools of fish find sanctuary here. These are blacksmith fish. They're plankton feeders and whenever it seems safe, they head into open water to feed where the plankton is thickest. But at the first hint of danger... Fish are not the only creatures that shelter here. Californian sea otters gather in the kelp forest to rest and snooze in safety. To prevent themselves being carried away into dangerous open water, where the big predators cruise, they anchor themselves by winding kelp around their body. Sooner or later, they have to find food. That lies on the seabed, a long way below them. However, they can stay underwater for up to ten minutes. That's ample time to find shellfish. Many of the smaller creatures that live in these forests - such as urchins - graze on the kelp and can damage it if their numbers are unchecked. Sea otters feed on these grazers and prevent them getting too numerous. In effect, sea otters are the forest's guardians. Garibaldi fish do not, in fact, damage the kelp. They help it by picking off tiny animals that encrust the leaves. They graze on bryozoans - tiny colonial animals which build their colonies like a patchwork of white skins on leaves. When night falls, there are fewer predatory fish and the bryozoans emerge from their white shelters. Now, just like coral polyps, they start filtering out the plankton under cover of darkness. They're not the only animals to venture out at this time. This is an amphipod, just 2cm long. And it does eat kelp. In turn, it is excellent food for many predators. To protect itself, it produces silk, like a spider, and sews together two sides of a kelp frond and so forms a shelter. This one is in particular need of a secure home. She's a mother. There are 50 youngsters clustered on her abdomen, so her home is becoming cramped. They will soon be old enough to leave and now, when she can, she kicks them out to get a taste of the world. Dawn. Beds of eel grass grow between the kelp forest and the shore. A harbour seal has found sanctuary here and is sleeping after a hard night's foraging. But not for long. A male seal gives a wake-up call. More seals are attracted from all directions. It's June - the time when young male harbour seals start their strange mating displays. One listens attentively to the grunting noises made by the other. These calls are almost certainly a way of establishing which of the two will be dominant. But if the animals are closely matched in size and experience, grunts won't settle the issue. The rivals will have to come to blows. Seals can be surprisingly violent. In a month's time, the breeding season will start, then fights will be in earnest. But now, in midsummer, these exchanges are harmless. Many of the creatures in the kelp have to venture out in order to feed. The bat ray, for one. Unlikely though it seems, the sandy floor of the open sea is, for the bat ray, a rich feeding ground. There is food, hidden within the sand. The bat ray has a special technique for finding it. It uses jets of water to blow the sand aside, and expose small invertebrates. A kelp bass hangs about alongside, waiting for scraps. Other hunters are also on the prowl. The fan-tailed sole. There are mantid shrimps here, living in tunnels. But, once again, hunger compels them into the open. That, of course, is a gamble. They will either eat, or be eaten. A sea slug called Janolus. Its colours suggest that it's poisonous, and so it is, to everything except another kind of sea slug... Navanax pulls itself along the trail of slime the Janolus leaves behind. Once caught, Janolus rolls into a ball. All Navanax gets, is a few yellow tentacles. And Janolus is swept to safety by the current. It's now midsummer. The sun is shining at full strength. The increasing warmth is the cue for an Atlantic lobster to start on a long journey. She's spent the winter 250m down, far beyond the reach of the storms. But it was cold down there, and now she needs to find warmer water, so she's marching towards the shallows. They, however, are 150km away. After a month of walking, she arrives at her favourite sand bank. But she's not the first here. Dozens of lobsters have already dug themselves homes in the sand, and they don't intend to surrender them to newcomers. Size counts for everything in these battles. The new arrival is in urgent need of a pit. Since she weighs seven kilos, she stands a good chance of getting one. She's won. These battles continue for the next two months. They're crucial, for the females need shelter and warm water, if they're to raise their young. For the last seven months, each of these females has been carrying around 20,000 fertilised eggs. But their task is approaching its end. The warmth of the shallows is speeding the eggs' development. Two more months, and the eggs are ready to hatch. At first, they're not very good at swimming. But within a few minutes, the babies can set off purposefully. At this time of year, the sea is full of larval animals. This one is a one-day-old lobster. And this, a three-week-old crab, ready to start life on the sea floor. Its feet touch the bottom for the first time. At this stage, it's a vegetarian with a taste for sea lettuce. As it grows, it will repeatedly moult and grow into a bigger, thicker skin. The chances are, it will be eaten. But if it survives for five years, it'll be a magnificent armoured giant. Now, it eats meat. Special adaptations enable it to hunt in the dark. Its jointed feet are covered in sensors, which detect the slightest chemical change in its surroundings. As it walks in the darkness, its feet can, literally, taste the sand. As soon as it finds suitable food, it passes it to its crushing claws, which make light work of the soft flesh. Those claws are also very useful for defence. A 1.5-metre-long common octopus glides by. The jet-propelled giant is both powerful and very clever. With octopus about, it's risky for even a crab to be in the open. Even in the dark, the octopus' eyes are sensitive to the slightest movement. Against a hunter like this, the crab's claws are useless. Late summer in south-east Alaska. The water is still warming and mysid shrimp swarm near the surface. It's a final feast for Pacific salmon returning to the coast from the open Pacific. They're heading inshore to breed and they arrive in huge numbers. They have to swim far up the rivers to spawn. But this river's level is too low. They'll have to wait until rain causes it to rise. They are trapped close to the sea shore - the worst place to be. A three-metre-long salmon shark, a close relation of the great white. This one's sensed minute electrical signals from the salmon nearby. Shark can maintain their blood temperature at a higher level than the surrounding sea water. That means they can be quick. Quicker even than salmon. Early autumn in Vancouver Island in Canada, 600 miles to the south. The ocean temperature is slowly dropping. baby herring feed on the last of the summer's plankton. Their movements attract attention from the skies above. Gulls can't dive, so for now the fish are still safe. But there are birds which can dive. Auklets and murres swim effortlessly down beneath the school. The panicked herring are forced towards the surface. They gather into a giant defensive ball of swirling fish. The commotion attracts yellow-tailed rockfish. They too are hunters. The marauding fish scatter the herring. Repeated attacks split the ball into numerous smaller groups. Now it's easier for the divers to keep the confused fish penned at the surface. There, even gulls can get at them. Attacked from all sides, the fish have virtually no chance. More and more divers are attracted to the scene. They harry the shrinking numbers of herring right down to the very last individual. Bigger predators cruise here, too. Pacific white-sided dolphin. The dolphin are mainly nocturnal hunters. During the day, they socialise. They display by releasing streams of bubbles and they play games. Games like pass-the-seaweed, for example. Exactly eight months ago, off the west coast of Scotland, an egg was laid and securely fixed to a strand of kelp. Inside, a tiny embryo started to develop. Protected by the tough egg case, it endured the worst of the winter storms. By summer, it was half-grown. Now, at last, in the late autumn, it's nearly ready to hatch. A fully-formed miniature shark swims free. This year's plankton will soon die, but the young dogfish can hunt immediately for larger prey. The days are getting shorter now. In British Colombia, the water begins to chill. This bizarre-looking creature is searching the kelp for food. This is melibe - the hooded sea slug. It catches plankton with its net-like head. As winter approaches, plankton is becoming scarce. But melibe is an assiduous searcher. It can swim. It flaps away to look for a better feeding spot. But its search is becoming difficult. Within the next two weeks, most of the plankton will have disappeared. As the sunlight becomes feeble, the kelp starts to die, gradually rotting away to nothing. Soon it will be winter. But 9,000 miles to the south, the sun is rising on a new spring day. The southern hemisphere too has temperate regions. The plankton is beginning to bloom around Tasmania. Just as in the north, the southern seasonal seas have areas of rich green water, with their own kelp forests... Some of these inhabitants live only in the southern hemisphere. This is one of them. The handfish, that strolls around on modified fins. But when needs must, it can resort to tail power. Every summer, visitors come to the shallows around Tasmania. These are Australian squid, about half a metre long. They are here to breed. The larger males compete for the attentions of a female, displaying towards her by putting on a ballet, where they continually change their colour. Eventually, they form pairs. The male passes a package of sperm across to the female. After the eggs have been fertilised, they're deposited in tough, rubbery egg cases that other creatures find poisonous. Within three weeks, the babies are ready to hatch out. They are already able to change colour, but they're not such good swimmers. There's another animal here that is a rather more devoted parent. This is a male leafy sea dragon, an exquisitely-decorated relative of the seahorse. He is carrying his partner's eggs around with him. They'd be a nutritious snack for any predator that found them. That's not easy, because they're attached to his perfectly camouflaged body. They could scarcely be in a safer place. By November, Norway gets under five hours of daylight in every 24. The temperature is falling rapidly. But despite the cold, the sea is far from deserted. Every winter, 500 million tonnes of adult herring seek shelter in these deep waters. They will stay here for four months, living on fat they accumulated during summer feasts of plankton. But they're not alone. Orca. This pod is part of a population of some 500 killer whales, that specialise in hunting North Atlantic herring. THEIR CRIES ECHO Using their echolocation, they've detected a shoal of herring With enough air for a ten-minute dive, they swim below the herring and drive the fish upwards. Bubbles stream from the rising fish as gas in their swim bladders expands and escapes. Even an orca finds it difficult to catch a healthy herring. But they have a devastating weapon all their own. They use their tail to club the fish with waves of water pressure. Then, it's simply a matter of collecting the stunned casualties. The herrings have no chance and both orca and gulls will eat as much as they can every day for the next four months. But there are so many fish wintering here - over 5 billion individuals - that the losses are almost unnoticeable. Violent as this winter weather may be, it's essential for the renewal of the riches of the seasonal seas. Out in the open oceans, the surging waters stir up nutrients from the depths. By the end of winter, the seas will be full of minerals once more, ready for the return of the sun and the next great plankton bloom. In all the seas of the world, the warm waters of the Tropics contain the richest and most colourful communities. Coral reefs. They may seem like underwater paradise, but they are perpetual battlegrounds for space. Even the corals have to fight for it. In this crowded, frenetic community, every individual has to find its own place, its own way of surviving. But none of these creatures would be here, if it were not for the coral. A coral larva drifts in the open sea, floating in a soup of young reef animals. If just one of these coral larvae settles in a suitable spot and survives, a new reef will be founded. In just a few days, the larva changes form and becomes a polyp, similar to a sea anemone. Identical copies bud off, and gradually a colony develops. Each polyp surrounds itself with a hard skeleton and from this solid base begins to grow. It increases in length by 15 centimetres a year. This branching coral is only two years old. A mature reef can be thousands. Corals provide the foundations on which the entire reef community relies. Some organisms, like the Christmas tree worms, live within the coral. Others climb out, away from the reef, to filter their food from the water. As the community grows, intimate relationships are formed and different creatures become dependent on one another. Even animals that spend much of their time travelling in the open ocean return to the reef for a clean. Coral reefs can be home to astounding numbers of fish. Here swim the smallest and the largest fish in the sea. Whale sharks are only visitors. When currents bring nutrient-rich water up from the deep, they come here to feed. All these animals are here because of the coral. This extraordinary complex maze is built layer upon layer by millions and millions of individual animals... Each polyp's flesh is supported by a limestone skeleton. Below the gut... Here the living tissue deposits an intricate lattice of limestone. Beneath that, the limestone skeleton is bare, having been vacated by the living coral tissues. This is the hard structure that forms the foundation of the reef. And a single reef can extend for many miles. Coral reefs are only found in the clear, warm, shallow waters of the tropics. Sunlight is vital to them, even though they're animals, because inside their flesh live millions of tiny single-celled algae... plants. And all plants need sunlight to photosynthesise sugars. Without them, the reef would not exist. Like any other plant, algae need just the right amount of light, not too much, not too little. The corals regulate that with pigments that we can only see when they are illuminated by ultraviolet light. Most corals, for protection, spend the day withdrawn into their stoney fortresses. Even then, they're not safe from the jaws of these butterfly fish. At night, the corals take in water, expand their tentacles, and emerge to feed. They collect plankton. Each tentacle has batteries of stinging cells which fire on contact. Once the prey is caught, it's passed down to the polyp's mouth. It's at night when the polyps are extended that they add to the limestone foundations beneath them. Inevitably, the corals begin to overgrow each other and that means trouble. When neighbours get too close, they detect one another's presence chemically. The aggressor, on the right, prepares for battle. The polyps extrude their guts... and simply digest their rivals alive. A no-man's land, a band of white skeleton, is the only evidence of the night's border dispute. Some corals are targeted by yet more deadly predators. Predators that can crawl in search of their victims. Crown of thorns starfish - poisonous, invincible eating machines. They also extrude their gut and digest coral wholesale. But some corals have help. Small crabs living within their branches resist these onslaughts and defend their home. They launch an attach on the vulnerable underside of the starfish. Even the crown of thorns will retreat from such a determined attack and this coral is left unharmed. Hump-head parrot-fish, nearly a metre and a half in length. Their jaws are so powerful they can bite through rock. When they descend to feed, the reef itself is under threat. They are indiscriminate feeders, taking both rock and coral alike in their quest for algae. These fish play a large part in the erosion of the reef. The rock and coral they swallow emerges later as a fine sand. On a single reef, they can produce tonnes of it every year. This soft sand forms the tropical beaches that we find so alluring. Over time, the sand builds up to form an island, which is then colonised by animals and plants. Trees take root. Birds arrive. The guano from thousands of terns which have chosen to nest here enriches the sandy soil, which then can support more plants. But these terns, like other sea birds, depend on the ocean for their food. Below water on the reef, there is not only competition for living space, but a continual contest between predators and prey. It's the arms race between them that, over millions of years, has produced today's extraordinary diversity of form. Jacks are one of the key predators on the reef. Their weapon is speed. They seek silversides and THEIR defence is to congregate in confusing shoals of shimmering silver. The jacks deal with that by herding the silversides onto the reef. Here the jacks have a better chance of separating individual fish from the shoal. The jacks can now catch the isolated individuals with lightning attacks. It's far safer to be hidden on the reef itself, within the tunnels of a sponge, for example. These tiny shrimp are no bigger than grains of rice. These shrimps are unique. It's recently been discovered that they have a sophisticated social system, similar to that of bees. All members of the colony are the offspring of one female - the queen, who is the only one to produce eggs. As in a colony of bees, different individuals are specialised for particular tasks. Some are guards and are armed with especially large and powerful claws. They are on watch at all times, ready to tackle intruders. A polychaete worm. For it, a sponge is an excellent hunting ground. In such a maze of tunnels, attack can come at any time from any quarter. Once the guards are alerted, the worm loses its advantage. Better to retreat intact than risk serious injury. The sponge makes a safe home for the shrimps and supplies them with food, so that they never need venture outside. An establishment that provides for all their needs is clearly well worth defending. Just as shrimps guard their home, other animals defend their hunting grounds. Glass fish make tempting prey for the red-mouthed grouper. Its strategy is to swim slowly amongst them until they no longer see it as a threat. There are other fish here too. Lion fish are ambush predators, taking their time and watching for the right moment. But there isn't room here for two predators. The grouper, braving the lion fish's poisonous spines, tries to evict its rival. But lion fish are persistent. This grouper spent many hours simply defending his hunting patch. Some animals prefer to avoid conflict whenever possible. These harlequin shrimp, having captured the starfish, are taking it back to a safe house beyond the reach of competitors and danger. The problem with starfish is that they have minds of their own and five large, sticky arms. By the time the shrimps have prised off one arm, another has reattached itself. Only by manoeuvring the starfish on to its back, can they have any hope of gaining the advantage. Even so, getting it back home is a major undertaking. The starfish is now a living larder. If the shrimps can hang on to it, it will feed them for days to come. The top of the reef is usually covered by a thin layer of green algae, another living larder, and many fish depend on it. Powder blue tangs defend their right to graze on a particular patch. But for a larder as well-stocked as this, there is always competition. When a shoal of convict tangs decide to graze, little can stop them. Powder blue tangs try to keep them off. But they are overwhelmed by sheer numbers. The territory is stripped of algae in minutes. The blue tangs appear to be fighting a losing battle. But, eventually, they begin to get the upper hand. They persist with their attacks until the marauders are well on their way. When night falls, some very strange creatures creep out of crevices and crawl over the reef. This moving bush is an animal, a basket star, which spreads out its arms to catch the night's plankton. The reef becomes uncannily tranquil. The fish retire, hiding themselves where they can. The marbled rays come out to hunt for prey buried in the sand... Their activity attracts sharks. White tips. At night, when vision is of little use, sharks have a real advantage. They can still use both smell and electroreception to track fish. These sharks are also hunting for fish concealed within the reef. Their slender shape enables them to squeeze through surprisingly narrow gaps. There is nowhere to hide. Few animals are safe during these feeding frenzies. Night after night, the reef animals are subjected to these raids. But life on the reef is not just about food. It's also about sex. There are many different breeding strategies, but each is aimed at maximising the number of young that will survive. Every afternoon for two months, brown surgeonfish can be seen streaming across reefs in the Red Sea. They all head for the same place, usually some prominent feature. Here they wait for the light to fade. Suddenly females within the group make a dash away from the reef to release their eggs. They're immediately followed by the quickest and closest of the males, all of whom are striving to fertilise the eggs. Inevitably others come here to feast on such easy food. As the surgeonfish spawn, fusiliers move in above to eat the nutritious eggs. These are just the first of many predators which will feed on the eggs and developing larvae as they drift in the ocean during the next few weeks. Other fish are less casual about their eggs. Banded pipe fish stay close to a small chosen area on the reef. Every morning at sunrise, the female leaves her sleeping site and swims to find her partner. For ten minutes or so, they remain together, reaffirming the bond that is essential to their partnership. They swim together around his territory in a simple greeting dance. Throughout the summer, when the female's eggs are ripe, courtship begins in earnest in the early morning. It takes time, and after about two hours, they rise together off the sea bed, entwining their bodies. The male rubs himself against the female stimulating her to release her eggs. And now, swiftly, the male takes them. The eggs, now stuck to his belly, are patted down to ensure that they stay there. The female then leaves him, but every morning she will return for a session of synchronised swimming, and so ensure that their bond is maintained. Ten days later, under cover of darkness, the male shakes his body, and the young pipe fish are born. Only now are they independent of their parents. Since the male takes charge of the eggs when they're laid, the female can start immediately producing the next batch. Without his help, they'd only breed every 20 days, rather than every 10. So, by sharing the work, they're doubling the number of young they can produce in any one year. The flamboyant cuttlefish. Unlike most cuttlefish, this one spends much of its time walking, not jetting, across the sea bed. This is a male. He is using his colourful display to try and seduce the larger female, who seems unimpressed. Eventually, she concedes. The final event, the transfer of sperm, is very quick. TRUMPETING A singing, male, humpback whale. Humpbacks are only visitors to the reef. After a pregnancy that lasted a year, the females come here to give birth and suckle their newly-born young. Their investment in their single offspring is considerable, for each female will continue to nurse it for a further 6-12 months. The males are here to mate. The lone males sing to establish their relative seniority. The louder and longer the song, the bigger and stronger the singer. The better the song, the larger the male, the more mating opportunities he will get. All these different mating strategies have the same aim - to ensure that the greatest number of offspring will live long enough to breed themselves. Corals also reproduce sexually, but being fixed to the sea bed, they can't move to find a mate. Somehow they must synchronise their sexual activity and they do so using the rise in water temperatures of spring and the phases of the moon. A few days after the full moon, in late spring, when tidal currents are at their weakest, the corals of the Great Barrier Reef are ready to spawn. Some corals are male and release clouds of sperm. Nearby, a female will be releasing eggs. Other species of coral are both male and female. These release packages of eggs already prewrapped in sperm. Bundles of eggs and sperm float to the surface to mix with others from further along the reef. Each kind of coral times its release to a certain hour on a certain night. That maximises the chances of cross-fertilisation. The fertilised eggs drift away from the reef. The stormy season brings real danger to the animals of the reef. Lobsters in the Caribbean sense a change in the water. The temperature drops and powerful ocean swells disturb the sand. Under the cover of darkness, they emerge to run before the storm and risk crossing the exposed sand flats to seek shelter in deeper water. Every year, they make this journey. From all over the reef, lobsters come to join the march. They conserve energy by travelling in one another's slipstream. And there is the added benefit of safety in numbers. By daybreak, they've reached the edge of the deep reef and down they go. For the rest of the stormy season, they will remain in the shelter of deep water, out of harm's way. Sometimes during the stormy season, a hurricane builds. And then the very structure of the reef itself is under threat. An entire reef can be destroyed by just one big storm. Hundreds of years of growth gone in a few hours. Out in the ocean, new life continues to develop. In time, coral larvae will return to colonise the rubble and a new reef will grow on the wasteland. There is a force sufficiently powerful to move the oceans of this world. It is a force not of this earth. The moon is big enough to generate gravity - and with sufficient force to pull on the earth 230,000 miles away. As the moon orbits the earth, its gravity sweeps across the face of our planet. Its power drags a great bulge of oceanic water in its wake. The rising tide. The River Amazon in Brazil. On some special days, the gravitational forces of the moon and the sun pull together to extraordinary effect. A growing tidal wave from the ocean is being forced 200 miles inland. This is a "tidal bore". Fortunately, tidal bores are rare. but the moon does create strong tides out in the world's oceans on every day of the year. The Bay of Fundy in Nova Scotia. The tides here are the largest in the world, and have a profound effect on marine life, creating a rich feeding ground... Humpback whales. But they are not the biggest threat to the herring. These are finback whales, at 70 tons, the second-largest animal on earth - but so beautifully streamlined that it is the fastest of the great whales. This combination of speed and immense size makes the finback a voracious hunter of schooling fish. The Bay of Fundy can attract so many fish that during the summer as many as 500 of these magnificent whales hunt here every day. The feeding is best where the tides run strongly. So the whales move further into the bay, following tidal rips and searching for fish. Their movements are closely watched by flocks of Cory shearwaters. As the whales dive down towards the fish, more and more birds gather, anxious to pick up scraps. The flowing tide may provide a feast, but before long, it will turn. In just six hours, 100 BILLION tons of water will flow out of the bay - the sea level falling by as much as 15 metres and exposing vast tracts of mud and sand... In fact, the damp sand is packed with microscopic life, the meiofauna, feeding in a sandy underworld quite unaffected by the departure of the sea. But life is not all roses in this miniature world. A sand bubbler crab in northern Australia. It hunts meiofauna. Just a centimetre across, the sand bubbler works at breakneck speed, passing sand grains into its mouth, filtering out all the meiofauna and kicking aside the waste. The crab will clean every grain of sand within a metre of its burrow. Endless practice for the best back-heel in the natural world. The crabs work fast because they can only sieve when the sand is damp. They work the entire surface of the beach within just a couple of hours of the tide retreating. Then they simply return to their burrows and await the next tide. Underwater, the falling tide is the cue for some bizarre activity. These slow-moving clams use their muscular feet to bury themselves under the sand. If they fail to get under cover, the tide will leave them exposed to the air, and they will perish. But once underground, they can wait deep down in the sand, safe beneath the beach. And not a moment too soon. June in south-east Alaska, and in just four hours, a vast, sandy beach is exposed by the falling tide. The bears are hungry. At this time of year, the pickings on land are few and far between. But any food here has long since buried itself deep under the sand. To a hungry adult bear, that is no barrier. They smell the clams through the sand and simply dig them out. For such large animals, they show extraordinary dexterity at opening the unfortunate shellfish Cubs try their luck, too, none too successfully. For the adults, the shellfish feast lasts as long as the tide remains out. Table Mountain in South Africa. Every day, the retreating waves leave flotsam somewhere on the beach. This creature is scenting the currents for the odour of rotting fish. The tide carries the scent far into the surf zone. Responding to the smell, snails emerge from the sand. This is a race against the tide. The snails need to find their meal before the tide leaves it beyond their reach. But snails are slow, and the tides fall rapidly. These are no ordinary snails. They can surf. They ride the waves up the beach. But all too soon, the tide leaves the fish beyond the surf zone. Without the sea, there's a danger that the snails will lose the scent, but as long as the sand remains damp, they can still follow a faint trail to the food. Once there, they tuck in with macabre relish. Good things come to those who wait. Before long, the heat of the sun forces them to retreat into the sand to await the return of the next tide. February in Britain. The falling tide is eagerly awaited by these knot. HUBBUB OF CHEEPS As the water retreats, countless small invertebrates are seeking shelter under the mud. And with good reason. Waders are specialists at probing in the mud, their variety of beak shapes designed for different invertebrate dinners, keys that unlock the safety of the tidal flats. But within a few hours, the tide will turn again. Soon, the waders are out of their depth and the creatures of the mud are safe once more. In the water, incoming tides can create a strong current, and flounders are experts at hitching a tidal lift. They're shaped rather like a kite, a perfect design for gliding on the tide. In Newfoundland, on the east coast of Canada, large numbers of flounder ride the currents into the shallows. They've come to hunt invertebrates that will emerge now that the water is back. The pickings in the shallows can be very good. The activity has not gone unnoticed. But ospreys can't dive deeply. As long as the water is over a metre deep, the flounder will be safe. Going too far inshore can be a risky business. This fish buries itself completely in the sand at any sign of danger. But, when the tide floods in again, as long as the coast is clear, these sand lancet will re-emerge. After a wait of six hours under the sand, they're desperate for food and, unlike flounder, they head out to sea. They're looking for shallow, open water where the tidal currents will concentrate their food - plankton. In their untold thousands, they stream towards the best feeding grounds where they simply pick up tiny, planktonic creatures from the water. But if they swim too far offshore in search of food, they risk running into large predators that live out in deeper water. Dogfish - small sharks. The sand lancet HAVE strayed out of their safe depth. The effect of the turning tide can be totally different on a rocky shore. Here, on the coast of Vancouver Island in Canada, the sun bakes the exposed rock. It's virtually impossible to dig underground when the sea retreats, so these mussels and barnacles are fully exposed to the sun's heat - literally cooking in their shells. And the seaweed simply dry to a crisp. It can be a wait of many hours before the water returns. Throughout each month, the size and the strength of the tide changes. The biggest tides of all happen when the gravities of the sun and moon pull in unison. That's immediately after the new moon and again after the full moon. These are the "spring tides". They reveal vast tracts of sea-bed that would normally be covered. For these raccoons, it's a chance to look for a seafood feast. A mother ventures forth with her kits. With the spring tide, they've come further down the beach than smaller tides would normally allow. Searching with their extraordinarily sensitive paws, they look for suitable prey. With the extreme low tide, they could find something special. What could be better than a red rock crab? That is, if it weren't for the risk of a painful pinch. With large crabs, there's no substitute for experience. The mother makes an expert's catch. But the kits learn fast. And for those that don't, begging is always worth a try. All too soon, the returning tide will cover the raccoons' table. For the invertebrates, it's a welcome relief, but in rough weather they are exposed to the worst of the waves. Even when there are no waves, the incoming tide can create considerable forces underwater. The gaps between these small islands on the east coast of Vancouver Island channel the tidal flow. As the tide keeps rising, gradually the water flows faster, and soon, these giant, 30m-long bull kelp plants bend to the current. They're sufficiently flexible to cope without too much damage, but there are some spots where the currents are especially powerful. This is the Naquatto Rapids. At the turn of the tide, water from almost 700 miles of coastal fjords will have to empty through a gap of less than half a mile wide. Within a few minutes, the current is picking up speed, until water roars by at over 17mph. Tidal currents are not always a damaging force. Here, in the Poor Knight Islands of New Zealand, weak tides run through rock arches. It's ideal for resting stingrays. These rays congregate here in huge numbers every March. They've come to breed. The arches funnel the current, which the rays can ride with the minimum of effort, so saving energy. Nearby, out in open water, a school of two-spotted demoiselle fish feed on plankton, and the current is perfect for sweeping their food past them. Once the current starts to weaken, there is insufficient food to warrant the risks of swimming about out here in the open, so the demoiselles head off to find shelter en masse. Safety is in numbers. More and more demoiselles pour towards the cave entrances that riddle the Poor Knight Islands. Safe. In the cave, they are far less exposed to attack from predators. Thousands of demoiselles and blue maomao wait for the return of the current, when once again they will head out into the open to feed. The moon's gravitational pull is weaker nearer to the earth's equator, so the more equatorial the location, the smaller the tides. And out here in the Caribbean Sea, the tidal movements are slight. Even so, they are sufficient to push free-swimming plankton in their path. These are thimble jellyfish. They swim towards the sunlight, and invisible boundaries formed by the tidal motion help herd them together until they gather in immense swarms. They put the tropical sunshine to good use. Their brown colour is from algae that live inside the jellyfishes' bodies and photosynthesise energy from the sun. In open water, they're fairly safe. But the tide is sweeping the whole swarm gently towards the Bahamas, where hungry mouths are waiting. Although the sea level doesn't change much, the tides are still pushing an enormous volume of water from the ocean through the small gaps between the island cays. Underwater, the tidal currents race past soft corals... It's an immense area of coral sand that is only just submerged at high tide. This incoming tide is bringing in a fresh supply of oceanic plankton, and razorfish gather at the best spots to catch the pick of the microscopic feast. Although there's plenty here for these small fish to eat, gathering in one place makes it easy for their predators to find them. A nurse shark is little threat... SQUEAKS AND CHIRRUPS WHIPLASH CRACK FAINT CREAK CHIRPS AND CLICKS CLICKS AND BUZZES ZIP! WHEE! It's using its sonar to locate razorfish beneath the sand. IT BUZZES, CLICKS AND PURRS Once it finds a suitable target, it simply digs out its prey. THEY SQUEAK SOFTLY THEY TWITTER The buried fish have no defence against this attack. They will simply have to wait and hope they aren't found out. This dolphin appears to have a razorfish craving. Well, she IS pregnant. Success at last. THEY GIVE CREAKY SQUEAKS The incoming tide sweeps on towards America, flooding across vast, flat plains of seagrass. They're so shallow that at low tide, all large fish are forced to retreat into deep-water channels - like these nurse sharks... But until the flooding tide brings enough water for them to swim in, they will have to wait. So now, for this tulip snail, it appears safe to patrol the channels in search of a meal. But is it? This is a rather bigger kind of snail. At 5kg, the giant horse conch has little to fear from any shark - and it has a taste for tulip snail. Sensing the approaching danger, the snail flees. But in a world of snail paces, the conch is something of a Ferarri. It calls for desperate measures. Exhausted by the effort of its last-ditch attempt, the tulip snail is slowly gunned down. The tide has to rise for another hour before the big predators can feed. But out on the flats, the scent of dying snail wafts away on the tide. It's a scent these hermit crabs are partial to. It's vital that the crabs have the best possible protection from the heavy teeth of the waiting sharks and rays. For that, they need the shell with a perfect fit. Today, there is new real estate on offer, and competition in this housing market is fierce. The action becomes even more desperate when the shell of the devoured snail is ready for release. This crab simply can't wait any longer. But it's a decidedly risky acquisition. The risk paid off handsomely. The new shell is both lighter and stronger than the old home - and it's not a moment too soon, because the tide is flowing in strongly, flooding the plains. At last, the predators are free to start their foraging. Both the stingrays and sharks have a highly-developed electrical sense which they use to search for buried invertebrates. They can sense minute movements beneath the sand. Finding a promising signal, this ray digs out its meal. An unprotected hermit crab would have no chance. Within a few hours, the tide ebbs out once more and all the predators are forced to leave. They will have to wait. until the next high tide before making another feeding foray. At certain times of the year, at the equinox, spring-tides are exceptionally large, and rise even higher than normal Now, predators can reach the very shallowest fringes of the seagrass flats, and these two-metre-long tarpon are going further inshore still. They are heading for the mangroves. These flooded forests cover huge areas of the coastal shallows. Extraordinarily, the roots of the mangrove trees can live in salt water, and they make a perfect nursery for small fish. Silversides and snapper find sanctuary in the maze of roots. Big predators seldom find a way in here. Now the tide is falling once more. The water starts losing what little oxygen it contained, and quickly becomes stagnant. Most predators have abandoned the mangroves, but the tarpon are still here, trapped by the falling tide. Dissolved oxygen is fast running out. They have a vital survival technique. They can breathe air. Pumped up with fresh oxygen, they easily outmanoeuvre dozy silversides. The tide has turned again. And this is no ordinary tide. Since it is the equinox, the tide is rising fast. But now, out to sea, a hurricane is on its way - forcing the tide yet higher. The passing storm leaves large areas of the coast flooded by the sea. And low-lying islands like the Bahamas are particularly prone to the storm flooding. The sun's power here is immense. As the tide recedes and the remaining floodwater evaporates, a remarkable transformation takes place. The mud is coated with a magical world of salt. Any remaining water is extremely salty. Very few creatures can survive here except brine shrimp... brine flies. Both are the favourite food of an extraordinary animal. The Caribbean flamingo. Remarkably, they actually seek out such briny places. They're the best spots for them to find their food. BIRDS HONK They also provide the protection the flamingoes need to raise young. nesting sites like this are surrounded by corrosive brine. It's a formidable barrier to any predators seeking to dine on flamingo chicks. The flamingoes take the precaution of building raised mud nests just in case of further flooding. ADULTS HONK AND QUACK CHICK PIPES Strangely, it's actually the power of the storm tides that gives the flamingoes both their food and the perfect habitat in which to breed. The breeding of many animals in the ocean is closely co-ordinated with the tidal cycles. A half-moon in November. It's the time of SMALL tides. Christmas Island in the Pacific. Strange happenings are afoot. It's one of only a few nights each year when female Christmas Island crabs risk heading down towards the sea. Around the island, they number in tens of thousands - and all of them are laden with hundreds of eggs. They have to shed them into the ocean if the eggs are to develop into baby crabs. But these are LAND crabs, and they can neither swim nor breathe underwater. There's a great risk of drowning, so they pick the smallest tides of the month to minimise the danger. The eggs will develop far offshore, and in exactly one month, a swarm of baby crabs will return - again, choosing the perfect tide. Whether it's the daily or monthly cycle, tides are the rhythm of the ocean, its pulsing clock. Every tide brings opportunity to marine life somewhere in the world. DOLPHINS TWEET Now, a spring-tide is flooding the shallows, and hunters are on the prowl. A small group of bottlenose dolphin are working their way inshore to start a quite extraordinary hunting campaign. After one successful pass, the dolphin move off to start again. One animal peels off from the group and swims rapidly in a circle, stirring up the mud and driving the mullet towards the other waiting dolphins. It's a remarkable team effort - and it's extremely effective. The dolphin will feed like this for as long as the tide grants them access to the shallows. Eventually, the falling tide will force the dolphin to leave the flats, and the mullet will be safe again - until the next high tide... every turn of the tide spells the difference between life and death somewhere. When trying to film the tidal behaviours of marine creatures, timing is of the essence. Many events in the sea only take place at certain tidal phases, and some, on only one particular tide in the whole year. One of the most spectacular displays depends completely on nature's tidal clock. It's the spawning of the coral reefs, which release their eggs and sperm in synchrony after a spring full moon. The coast - the frontier between land and sea. This is the most dynamic of all the ocean habitats. The challenge here is to survive change, EXTREME change. Cape Douglas, on the most westerly of the Galapagos Islands, totally unprotected from the massive rollers of the Pacific Ocean, and one of the roughest coastlines in the world. The marine iguanas of the Galapagos are the world's only seagoing lizards. Seaweed is all they eat, but doing so is a dangerous business. The local crabs have become specially flattened, minimising the effect of the pounding waves, and the iguanas have huge claws to grip the rocks. This seaweed really is fast food. There are only a few seconds to grab a few mouthfuls before the next breaker comes pounding in. Female iguanas feed only on the exposed rocks. But the larger males swim and dive beneath the surface to reach the weed. They go as deep as ten metres. For there, beyond the reach of the waves, they find the best fronds. Being cold-blooded, they have to return to land after ten minutes or so, to warm up again in the sun. Finding food is not the only challenge for coastal residents. These rocky shores are hardly a safe place to lay their eggs and, each year, the marine iguanas have to journey inland to find a more suitable one. The females lay eggs in burrows and leave them there to hatch. To do THAT, they need nice, soft sand. At the water's edge, it was easy to escape danger in rocky crevices. But, up here, the females are dangerously exposed. A Galapagos hawk. The lizards don't give up without a struggle. These hawks stay on the coast all year. But they are exceptional. The majority of the birds that come here spend most of their time elsewhere - in or above the ocean. However, all seabirds have to come to land in order to lay their eggs. After spending lonely months looking for food, they have to re-establish their social relationships. Frigate birds display, and exchange nesting material. Waved albatross dance. The need to lay eggs on firm ground ties the albatross to the coast, but parental responsibilities are shared - one looks after the egg, and the other can go off to feed. The need to breed brings many different animals to the coast each year, for a few weeks. Male sea turtles spend all their lives at sea. But the females, like birds, must come to land to lay their eggs. To do that, green turtles that live and feed off the coast of Brazil swim 1,500 miles to the tiny island of Ascension, that lies bang in the middle of the Atlantic. How they manage to navigate with accuracy and find this tiny lump of rock - just seven miles wide - is a mystery. But, each year, up to 5,000 turtles manage to do so and then, close to the coast of Ascension, they mate. Travelling to and from Ascension, and nesting here, takes six months. Throughout that entire time, none of them feed at all. After mating, the female has to leave her natural element and haul herself onto land. She does so at night, laying three or four times at 15-day intervals. Then she swims back to the seas off Brazil. She returns to this very same island throughout her life. Remarkably, all the world's sea turtles return each year to just a few traditional breeding sites. Crab Island, in Australia, is one of them. This tiny, two-mile long crescent of sand, lying off Queensland's northerly tip, provides nesting sites for half the entire population of one of the rarest turtles. Flat-backed turtles are large - over a metre long. They have to be careful. There are other giant reptiles here - saltwater crocodiles. Every night throughout the year, flat-backs bury their eggs all along this lonely stretch of land. Nine weeks later, and things are about to happen. These eyes shining in the darkness belong to night herons. As if from nowhere, hundreds of birds appear on the sand dunes. Pelicans wait patiently. Jabiru storks pace up and down. Before long, they see what they've been waiting for. Because these turtles lay their eggs throughout the year, the hatchlings emerge each night in a steady trickle of beak-sized meals. Pelicans' beaks allow them to dig out the hatchlings before the herons can spear them on the surface. The surf may be hundreds of metres away and a third of the tiny turtles do not survive the journey. It's not just birds that take them. Crocodiles, sharks and hungry fish are all waiting in the shallows. Only one in every hundred hatchlings will survive to adulthood. Another beach, another continent and a very special night. In Costa Rica, there is a turtle which has found a way to reduce these dangers. When Ridley's turtles arrive to lay their eggs, they don't come in hundreds, but in thousands. Over the next six days, around 400,000 females will visit this beach. At the peak time, 5,000 are coming and going each hour. The beach gets so crowded, they have to clamber to find a bare patch of sand where they can dig a nest hole. when THEIR hatchlings emerge, it's not just a trickle - it's a flood. On some nights, over two million hatchlings race to the sea together. With so many appearing at once, their predators are overwhelmed, and most of the young turtles reach the sea safely. Leaving the sea and emerging onto land is hard enough for turtles. It's even harder for fish. Each year, for hundreds of miles along the Newfoundland coast, capelin throw themselves onto the beaches. At least a million tons of fish floundering out of the water - a real gift for scavenging eagles and gulls. Odd though it may seem for a fish, these capelin, like the turtles, have come out of the sea to breed. The males are trying to fertilise the eggs the females are depositing in the sand. Like the Ridley's turtles, they have synchronised their mass laying with the tide. In a few days, it will be over. Most of them die, but only after they've left their eggs in the sand. Other capelin populations lay their eggs in the ocean, so why do the Newfoundland fish spawn on land? It seems that eggs left on the beach may be safer from predators and develop faster than in colder water. Wherever they do so, the huge spawning shoals provide the concentration of food that seabirds need when THEY assemble to breed. nest together, mostly in large, spectacular colonies. This is Funk Island, 40 miles off the coast of Newfoundland - an isolated rock crammed with breeding seabirds. This was the last breeding ground for the flightless great auk, now extinct. Today, it's still the world's largest guillemot colony - over a million of them share the island with 250,000 gannets. It's not the lack of suitable sites that causes the seabirds to breed in such densities. In the North Atlantic, there's a wide choice of coastline they COULD use. The key factor limiting the size and location of seabird colonies seems to be the availability of food in the surrounding ocean. There are lots of hungry mouths to feed and a constant demand for fish. Throughout the days at colonies like Funk, there's a continual stream of birds heading to the ocean to find food and returning to feed their young. Gannets travel up to 200 miles from the colony on one foraging trip. They're not fussy eaters and will take everything, from tiny sand eels to herring. Puffins are very particular about what they eat. And because they can only fly short distances, they only nest where there's a good supply of suitable food close by. One such place is the sea of Okhotsk in far eastern Russia. This is the island of Talan. Throughout the long Arctic winter, it's encircled by ice. As spring approaches, it breaks up, and seabirds that have spent winter feeding on the ocean to the south begin to return. Its isolated position and steep cliffs make Talan a perfect nesting site. The tufted puffins arrive first. These are the Pacific cousins of our less spectacular Atlantic species. Horned puffins soon follow. and, in just a few weeks, the once silent cliffs come alive to the calls of 4 million breeding seabirds. This is a multistorey avian city. Assembling in these dense colonies, after having spent a largely solitary life at sea, provides the birds with the social stimulation that is the key to co-ordinating their breeding. By nesting and laying together, they ensure that most chicks will leave the nest at the same time. Like the turtles, this is the way they spread the impact of predators. The world's largest eagle - Stellar's sea eagle - as third as big again as a golden. Throughout the summer, the eagles hunt in Talan's crowded colonies. Riding on the updraughts, they patrol the cliffs, looking out for any kittiwake that ventures too far from the rock face. Suddenly, the huge eagle stoops with the aerial agility of a falcon. Co-ordinated panic among the kittiwakes confuses their attacker. But the eagle doesn't give up. And it has got one! Another kind of seabird on Talan has an effective way of protecting itself against predators, but it doesn't appear until an hour before sunset. As if from nowhere, dense swarms of seabirds suddenly arrive offshore. They've spent the day feeding far away, where the sea ice has already broken up. They are crested auklets, hardly bigger than starlings. A million of them return each year, to nest in its fields of boulders. For the hour before sunset, the hillsides come alive with huge flocks of auklets. They're nervous. No-one wants to be the first to land. Auklets are social when they're back together at the coast. One of the advantages of nesting in such densities may be the chance to share information on feeding sites. It also gives them the opportunity to court. But, perhaps most importantly, there is safety in numbers. Ravens and peregrines circle above the scree slope every evening. By taking off together, the auklets hope to confuse their predators. Eventually, their persistence pays off. The birds that face the greatest challenge in coming to the coast to nest are surely the penguins. Unable to fly, they have no choice but to brave the immense waves. Most penguins live in the southern oceans, and they have to accept being hurled about by the surf. Whatever the weather, the penguin parents have to come back to feed their chicks. A southern sea lion bull. He knows the penguins always use the same beach. The penguins now have to make a mad dash across open rock to reach the nests. Despite his massive size and a body adapted for swimming, the bull chases the penguins for 40 or 50 metres across the rocks. Having caught his penguin, the sea lion carries it out into deep water, where, by violently thrashing the little body, he skins his meal. The seas around the Falklands are some of the roughest in the world. Even so, the southern ocean is home to millions of tiny seabirds hardly bigger than swallows - petrels. They are vulnerable to bad weather - a storm can blow them miles off course and keep them away from their nests for days. They have developed a very effective solution to that problem. They lay a rather special egg. Most birds' eggs left exposed for even a few hours will chill and never hatch. But these eggs are different. They can be left for days without incubation and remain undamaged, while the parents struggle home through the storm. Prions have also come up with a good way to avoid most predators - they never come back to the coast until after dark. These are thin-billed prions. Their burrows honeycomb this hillside in the Falklands. It's deserted in daylight, but when it's dark and difficult for airborne predators to hunt, the prions return. As soon as they land, they call. The problem, of course, is finding your burrow among all the others. He's listening out for his mate's call... The Alaskan coast. It's spring and the last of the winter storms is subsiding. The plankton in the sea is in bloom again and, just offshore, humpback whales have returned to feed. For these huge animals, there's a real risk of coming into such shallow water, and each year, a good number of them pay the price. It's an ignominious ending for an ageing whale. But so much flesh will not go to waste... A black bear emerges cautiously from the woods. Visitors to the coast that don't come to breed have usually come to scavenge. A whole range of animals exploit the enormous quantity of food that washes up every day on the coastlines around the world. But the quantity of flotsam and jetsam is unpredictable. Nobody can rely on it alone. This carcass even attracted a shy pack of wolves, only too happy to anoint themselves with the scent of rotting whale. It was months before the scavengers cleaned up all the meat on this huge and unpredictable gift from the sea. Whales give birth to their young at sea and so can spend their entire lives there. Other marine mammals - ones that are in fact distant cousins of bears - return each year to their ancestral home on land. The high Arctic. Here lives one of them - the walrus. Walruses spend nearly all their lives at sea. But each year, for just a few weeks, they have to return to the coast. They seek out isolated beaches like this one on Round Island, in the northern Pacific. Sites like this - free from bears - are so scarce that, at times, as many as 14,000 animals will cram themselves onto this one beach. When they first emerge from the sea, the walrus are white. That's because, being warm-blooded in a cold ocean, they conserve heat by keeping blood concentrated in the core of their bodies. On land, it's warm enough to allow their outer blood vessels to dilate, and that turns their skin pink. Now they can moult the outer layers of their skin, rubbing themselves up against the rocks. But more than anything else, coming to land brings the walrus relief from spending energy maintaining their body temperature in an icy cold ocean. Heat conservation, in fact, may well be the primary reason so many sea mammals are forced to return to the land each year. The world's coldest seas are in Antarctica. Each spring, half the world's southern elephant seals return to the island of South Georgia. Elephant seals have a thick insulation of blubber that keeps them warm. For them, breeding is the ONLY reason to leave the sea. With temperatures down to minus 20, and 100mph winds, it can't be comfortable on the beach, but heat dissipates more rapidly through water, so even in these conditions, their young, which at first don't have a thick coat of blubber, will be far warmer on the land. Once the males are established on the beach, the females soon follow. Within just ten days, the empty beach fills up with 6,000 elephant seals. Immediately, the females give birth to pups sired the previous year. Their milk is very rich and the pups grow astonishingly quickly. In just three weeks, they turn from thin bags of skin to fat balls of blubber. As soon as they've given birth, the females become sexually receptive again. Now the advantages of breeding in such dense colonies become clear. Females can make their choice from many males, while successful males can have access to lots of females. But to GAIN that access and control a harem of females, a bull must be prepared to fight. The larger the male, the louder the roar and the more likely he is to win. When males are well-matched, these bloody battles will last 20 minutes or more. Eventually, the loser retreats into a stream already pink with his own blood. These battles certainly help females select the strongest bulls but they bring great dangers for the pups. Each year, in the denser parts of the colony, a fifth of the pups are crushed to death. This is why it may be better to mate at the edge of the beach, close to the sea. Less dominant males hide in the surf. They're waiting to steal an illicit mating, as the females come and go. This male knows he's been spotted by the big bull, who claims all the females on this part of the beach. Breeding in groups brings advantages to pups as well as to adults. On the coast of Patagonia, southern sea lions breed together each year, in groups several-hundred strong. For the growing pups, these colonies act rather like a school. The bonds developed here on the beach may be vital for the rest of their lives. Sea lions are social animals and, as adults and young forage together, they share information about the location of good feeding sites. Conditions could hardly be better for the youngsters. As the tide goes out, it leaves a selection of sheltered pools. Perfect places for learning to swim. At high tide, it's easy for the pups to take their first dips in the surf. A killer whale. These pups have never seen anything like it before. The whales, though, are experienced. Each year, this same group turns up along the coast at the same time as the pups are starting to swim. The whales need to surprise the pups, so they've stopped calling to one another and keep silent. Speed is everything. The whales do not take pups that are out of the water, but sometimes their momentum drives them up the beach. Then, there's real danger of getting stuck. The whale has to thrash in this frenzied way to get off the beach. Most of the pups are taken to deep water while they're still alive. There, the whales apparently play with them. Often, an adult whale is joined in the game by a youngster. It may be learning how to grab a seal pup before it risks a drive up the beach. Whatever the reason, the seal pup, still alive, is tossed back and forth for over half an hour. Even when the pup is dead, the sport is not completely over. We can only speculate at the real reasons behind this extraordinary behaviour. But, for the whales, the hunting season is a short one. Before long, the pups learn to stay clear of the water, and the whales become less and less successful. After just two weeks, they move on. The killing season is over. That's how it often happens along the coast - things always change. They're never the same for long in this, the most dynamic of all the oceans' habitats. 